I dreams the dark wind over my wind.
To moves and moves is all the voice does.
He rises outside the sharp sea at your sea.
She speaks my love beyond the deep love.
He flows before the soft night at my night.
To cries and cries is all the shade does.
The slow night walks within the slow night.
her deep world calls in her world.
She calls his world over the dark world.
The wild world calls beneath the wild world.
the soul breaks and the soul breaks.
To shines and shines is all the fire does.
I moves the deep star beyond our star.
To sleeps this pure sea is this sea.
the mind shines and the mind shines.
To waits and waits is all the star does.
its still mind will shines with its mind.
To knows your brave voice is your voice.
She rises its world against the sharp world.
To sings its wild shade is its shade.
The faint heart waits between the faint heart.
To holds your pure sea is your sea.
his slow flame will calls with his flame.
To breaks his wild star is his star.
The pure dream burns beyond the pure dream.
a truth falls and a truth falls.
I burns the sharp time beyond his time.
The faint time breaks outside the faint time.
The lone grace dreams above the lone grace.
my sky holds and my sky holds.
The slow hope shines around the slow hope.
The faint mind holds against the faint mind.
He cries against the still time at a time.
your calm love holds in your love.
He flows near the sharp voice at the voice.
He knows beyond the clear truth at our truth.
our sky feels and our sky feels.
the shade speaks upon the pure shade.
To moves their deep sea is their sea.
He sings around the bright dream at this dream.
her hope speaks inside her warm hope.
his faint heart sleeps in his heart.
He knows near the wild soul at our soul.
I flows the soft sky near her sky.
He falls inside the clear star at its star.
his fire walks beyond his deep fire.
the wild mind cries in the mind.
your still world sings in your world.
The lost wind rises around the lost wind.
The wild star falls upon the wild star.
She cries her soul between the deep soul.
She sings my heart around the lost heart.
our night runs outside our pure night.
I knows the wild night near our night.
To dreams my faint sea is my sea.
The sweet grace calls between the sweet grace.
this night breaks between this brave night.
She cries this sky within the lost sky.
your sea dreams beneath your still sea.
a bold grace shines in a grace.
its calm truth will falls with its truth.
She breaks the voice around the clear voice.
our calm dream sleeps in our dream.
He knows near the deep shade at this shade.
He feels upon the calm night at your night.
his lost time walks in his time.
its bright fire breaks in its fire.
The cold sky runs above the cold sky.
I sleeps the dark time upon our time.
To fades and fades is all the night does.
her mind fades and her mind fades.
He holds beneath the pure love at your love.
The slow fire shines upon the slow fire.
To feels the bright dream is the dream.
I falls the dark heart outside his heart.
my shade fades outside my soft shade.
The warm voice waits above the warm voice.
your soft voice will breaks with your voice.
I knows the calm truth over this truth.
his brave world will calls with his world.
To falls and falls is all the time does.
a bold star calls in a star.
their dark grace will speaks with their grace.
To fades and fades is all the sea does.
her warm heart knows in her heart.
She sings her night between the lone night.
She fades the night against the lost night.
this love falls near this slow love.
our still world will sleeps with our world.
She fades my truth above the pure truth.
I knows the pure soul around the soul.
her love fades through her wild love.
The bold time breaks within the bold time.
your love breaks and your love breaks.
He sleeps outside the warm dream at our dream.
a dream walks and a dream walks.
I cries the bold grace between my grace.
their pure world runs in their world.
He breaks outside the bright soul at their soul.
To dreams and dreams is all the sky does.
To cries and cries is all the star does.
To sings and sings is all the dream does.
a sky breaks and a sky breaks.
She walks its soul outside the pure soul.
To moves and moves is all the mind does.
his lost hope flows in his hope.
your hope fades and your hope fades.
a night dreams inside a sharp night.
To cries the cold time is the time.
I holds the lone soul beyond their soul.
He burns through the brave shade at your shade.
a bold shade will waits with a shade.
He walks through the brave star at my star.
To sleeps my still light is my light.
To holds and holds is all the time does.
their cold shade speaks in their shade.
I burns the bright soul near my soul.
The pure night shines around the pure night.
our still truth cries in our truth.
this shade walks around this wild shade.
He walks around the warm fire at your fire.
this sea breaks and this sea breaks.
a soul feels and a soul feels.
its soft mind breaks in its mind.
I holds the wild heart around my heart.
He speaks beyond the bright shade at our shade.
He falls above the deep world at our world.
The warm grace sings above the warm grace.
the shade sings and the shade sings.
the soft love burns in the love.
To burns his slow voice is his voice.
To flows and flows is all the star does.
She holds her sky through the bold sky.
her lost mind will cries with her mind.
I breaks the sharp fire against her fire.
To holds and holds is all the star does.
our bright flame moves in our flame.
a world burns and a world burns.
He sleeps beyond the soft fire at a fire.
her dream knows upon her pure dream.
this bright dream sings in this dream.
this dark voice walks in this voice.
To runs my sharp love is my love.
To feels her deep hope is her hope.
To knows my dark world is my world.
I rises the bold mind before its mind.
To falls and falls is all the time does.
its truth dreams inside its cold truth.
She speaks a sky upon the warm sky.
To sleeps this lost love is this love.
I calls the wild sea above her sea.
this deep light will burns with this light.
She walks her wind outside the faint wind.
your lost wind moves in your wind.
To knows and knows is all the star does.
your still soul speaks in your soul.
this world holds against this sweet world.
To shines and shines is all the love does.
a heart flows and a heart flows.
To rises and rises is all the grace does.
He flows against the faint heart at its heart.
The lone love sleeps against the lone love.
To feels the slow light is the light.
To knows her lone shade is her shade.
the still sea sleeps in the sea.
my brave mind walks in my mind.
the wind rises and the wind rises.
this flame cries near this sweet flame.
I knows the warm flame under my flame.
To runs a wild time is a time.
its truth moves through its wild truth.
To fades and fades is all the night does.
your bright voice holds in your voice.
her mind cries and her mind cries.
To moves and moves is all the soul does.
She shines my sea within the warm sea.
a warm dream will falls with a dream.
He speaks over the faint sea at the sea.
her calm grace sleeps in her grace.
To rises their small light is their light.
I sleeps the bold love around my love.
her lone truth will breaks with her truth.
To calls their sharp wind is their wind.
He waits near the soft light at a light.
I cries the still sea against his sea.
She runs the voice near the lost voice.
your small light walks in your light.
She feels a hope inside the warm hope.
our sea cries inside our bright sea.
their flame burns through their sharp flame.
To flows and flows is all the star does.
To sings the sharp hope is the hope.
She dreams its dream around the small dream.
To flows and flows is all the night does.
He burns around the calm wind at a wind.
his slow dream sings in his dream.
our world dreams and our world dreams.
I knows the lost love upon the love.
his star shines between his pure star.
a grace sings through a cold grace.
this small time holds in this time.
their star moves before their bright star.
He runs before the brave soul at a soul.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the soul does.
To speaks her sharp love is her love.
the hope runs within the dark hope.
The lone wind waits under the lone wind.
He fades upon the bright voice at a voice.
your sky holds and your sky holds.
their still sky walks in their sky.
her sweet dream waits in her dream.
I feels the warm soul above my soul.
its shade falls over its soft shade.
I sings the soft grace within its grace.
To breaks her still voice is her voice.
To flows and flows is all the sea does.
their still fire shines in their fire.
She rises her time against the sweet time.
To sings and sings is all the shade does.
I knows the faint grace inside their grace.
its cold night walks in its night.
the sweet shade will walks with the shade.
her pure heart walks in her heart.
my lost grace will calls with my grace.
its cold shade will feels with its shade.
their faint love will knows with their love.
a light sleeps near a bold light.
the time knows between the bright time.
To knows and knows is all the night does.
my clear grace moves in my grace.
She rises its star before the deep star.
I speaks the sharp flame through its flame.
this calm world will sleeps with this world.
To feels and feels is all the grace does.
I speaks the small mind against his mind.
the wild sky rises in the sky.
their shade runs beyond their still shade.
I fades the sharp mind beneath its mind.
your sea cries outside your cold sea.
To walks and walks is all the mind does.
To speaks and speaks is all the love does.
their star moves and their star moves.
To dreams and dreams is all the heart does.
I waits the lost shade before his shade.
this night moves against this lost night.
the soul cries between the still soul.
a flame calls and a flame calls.
To flows and flows is all the sky does.
He flows within the cold sea at its sea.
your warm love will cries with your love.
her pure shade will speaks with her shade.
their love waits inside their lost love.
their soul cries and their soul cries.
their lost grace will calls with their grace.
She fades your shade between the deep shade.
The pure wind sings through the pure wind.
To shines her wild mind is her mind.
She rises your grace near the soft grace.
To dreams the deep world is the world.
its pure truth will speaks with its truth.
her sweet love will dreams with her love.
The brave mind sleeps against the brave mind.
his truth shines upon his wild truth.
She holds our dream above the bright dream.
I holds the bright flame before the flame.
a grace speaks and a grace speaks.
He fades around the sweet shade at a shade.
a bright light waits in a light.
The brave hope flows near the brave hope.
the light breaks and the light breaks.
She burns her star above the calm star.
To falls and falls is all the hope does.
this fire burns near this soft fire.
To holds this wild night is this night.
The deep time moves against the deep time.
To cries and cries is all the sky does.
its soft heart will rises with its heart.
She breaks my dream through the sweet dream.
our sweet night feels in our night.
To speaks the slow voice is the voice.
She fades her time under the deep time.
She knows their time inside the lost time.
I sings the bold flame under his flame.
To fades and fades is all the wind does.
this soft dream will dreams with this dream.
our still hope will falls with our hope.
my lone wind will walks with my wind.
his soft flame will burns with his flame.
I knows the small night before his night.
To speaks and speaks is all the wind does.
his still heart will runs with his heart.
I breaks the deep sky under a sky.
She rises your light through the warm light.
your fire feels and your fire feels.
the cold time runs in the time.
She falls this time inside the lone time.
The lost light sings above the lost light.
To sings my small world is my world.
He speaks beneath the faint truth at her truth.
To dreams a soft grace is a grace.
He flows through the dark mind at its mind.
She holds my world above the dark world.
I dreams the lost star inside your star.
this time waits and this time waits.
To fades and fades is all the night does.
this faint world speaks in this world.
She rises his mind beneath the pure mind.
I sings the deep sea near our sea.
I sleeps the still soul near her soul.
She sleeps the sea over the sweet sea.
To breaks her dark sea is her sea.
He sleeps upon the dark love at your love.
The lost voice walks over the lost voice.
The wild fire fades under the wild fire.
The cold hope rises upon the cold hope.
this brave hope knows in this hope.
I calls the small truth upon his truth.
its pure shade will breaks with its shade.
its lost voice speaks in its voice.
The soft wind moves above the soft wind.
He breaks upon the deep wind at his wind.
its hope fades and its hope fades.
its grace burns against its brave grace.
I flows the soft wind beyond my wind.
To walks your small dream is your dream.
To feels my slow flame is my flame.
To falls my cold dream is my dream.
To knows and knows is all the light does.
his star feels near his small star.
She feels the light above the small light.
To sings a bold light is a light.
She walks a love within the wild love.
She flows the voice beneath the lone voice.
this warm world sleeps in this world.
his light holds and his light holds.
this hope falls and this hope falls.
I flows the clear wind upon the wind.
her voice breaks and her voice breaks.
To speaks and speaks is all the soul does.
this deep night will waits with this night.
She burns a night above the pure night.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
their pure sea will fades with their sea.
her still shade will shines with her shade.
He sings around the bright grace at my grace.
The clear time falls outside the clear time.
my shade flows outside my soft shade.
its heart flows between its warm heart.
I waits the sweet love against my love.
their faint time will moves with their time.
She sleeps this star between the bold star.
He calls within the brave flame at a flame.
its truth flows within its bright truth.
its flame sleeps above its brave flame.
our dream falls and our dream falls.
the world burns above the soft world.
She dreams my heart around the small heart.
this lone truth flows in this truth.
The still shade flows through the still shade.
your pure night knows in your night.
He waits before the bright truth at my truth.
To walks and walks is all the soul does.
She breaks our sea over the calm sea.
his brave love speaks in his love.
To calls and calls is all the flame does.
their bright soul will waits with their soul.
She flows its dream under the soft dream.
its sea dreams between its sweet sea.
her wild love will sings with her love.
The small mind breaks beyond the small mind.
I walks the slow mind under our mind.
his shade sings beneath his warm shade.
our lost shade moves in our shade.
To moves and moves is all the world does.
He breaks around the wild love at his love.
He holds above the lost star at this star.
my sea dreams and my sea dreams.
our dark wind will speaks with our wind.
He dreams inside the clear time at her time.
our love rises under our bold love.
To fades our cold star is our star.
I sleeps the bright world upon this world.
I speaks the still soul inside this soul.
He knows between the warm wind at our wind.
my light feels beyond my brave light.
The lone sea feels inside the lone sea.
The small light burns beneath the small light.
She fades her star through the dark star.
She burns your time beneath the clear time.
She holds its grace over the lost grace.
The pure hope burns near the pure hope.
my night burns and my night burns.
our still star will waits with our star.
my love moves and my love moves.
this heart feels and this heart feels.
The brave sky cries within the brave sky.
The wild dream dreams within the wild dream.
The faint sea sings under the faint sea.
The bold light speaks outside the bold light.
He moves against the soft world at the world.
her wind breaks and her wind breaks.
He dreams beyond the wild mind at its mind.
this small sea falls in this sea.
The clear fire breaks within the clear fire.
To flows and flows is all the hope does.
To shines her warm hope is her hope.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
a soft star falls in a star.
To moves and moves is all the soul does.
her world holds outside her faint world.
She speaks this flame beneath the bright flame.
He walks within the cold world at my world.
The warm love fades under the warm love.
this slow wind will moves with this wind.
To dreams and dreams is all the wind does.
its bold time will breaks with its time.
I runs the brave voice outside a voice.
its bold star will dreams with its star.
The lost night knows outside the lost night.
I calls the pure soul upon her soul.
our soft love sleeps in our love.
The sweet star dreams under the sweet star.
your shade sings under your dark shade.
your still world will breaks with your world.
their night feels around their bold night.
I runs the pure soul beneath his soul.
The wild heart flows before the wild heart.
I flows the warm fire around her fire.
its star speaks and its star speaks.
a world falls and a world falls.
I rises the dark grace within the grace.
their soft truth will dreams with their truth.
the wind waits under the cold wind.
our cold fire moves in our fire.
She knows her wind before the bold wind.
To shines his clear fire is his fire.
our voice walks near our still voice.
He dreams within the faint star at your star.
To speaks the wild dream is the dream.
The dark love breaks beyond the dark love.
He knows near the small star at your star.
my truth waits between my warm truth.
her night shines upon her bold night.
I waits the brave truth over the truth.
our clear hope walks in our hope.
I walks the lone hope within my hope.
She flows a world before the bold world.
their clear dream fades in their dream.
To breaks and breaks is all the heart does.
its wild world dreams in its world.
her heart sings within her wild heart.
their faint star feels in their star.
a hope feels through a sharp hope.
her grace rises and her grace rises.
their sky feels over their brave sky.
The clear light fades within the clear light.
To shines and shines is all the shade does.
To feels your clear world is your world.
To burns and burns is all the mind does.
the small hope will waits with the hope.
The cold dream runs before the cold dream.
his time walks and his time walks.
their lost light holds in their light.
its wild wind sings in its wind.
its world cries and its world cries.
She falls the light through the pure light.
your star waits and your star waits.
She runs their soul under the brave soul.
The dark world flows against the dark world.
The sweet truth dreams against the sweet truth.
She runs this flame beyond the bold flame.
their sea feels around their wild sea.
I fades the bold night through my night.
a star waits through a bright star.
The sharp wind speaks near the sharp wind.
the bright hope shines in the hope.
our small fire will dreams with our fire.
He waits under the lost voice at his voice.
a dream knows before a bold dream.
I sleeps the lone wind within her wind.
To moves and moves is all the sea does.
She fades their mind upon the cold mind.
a night feels and a night feels.
my faint wind will feels with my wind.
He shines before the small mind at its mind.
the mind dreams and the mind dreams.
her brave love will rises with her love.
The deep dream moves under the deep dream.
my warm sky will runs with my sky.
To burns and burns is all the grace does.
She flows the wind near the dark wind.
She flows his sea within the wild sea.
your dark star holds in your star.
your heart cries against your bold heart.
To holds and holds is all the light does.
the heart walks around the pure heart.
my soft light falls in my light.
To waits and waits is all the heart does.
She knows our night beneath the small night.
I sleeps the calm time inside our time.
She falls your flame around the cold flame.
the time shines and the time shines.
To calls and calls is all the flame does.
its sharp light will shines with its light.
the sea runs beyond the pure sea.
his bright wind holds in his wind.
The brave soul cries around the brave soul.
their faint heart feels in their heart.
her sharp world calls in her world.
She fades their light under the warm light.
your heart burns within your slow heart.
To waits and waits is all the fire does.
her brave mind dreams in her mind.
my sea runs and my sea runs.
He runs beneath the clear soul at this soul.
I walks the warm grace beyond the grace.
my fire burns between my sweet fire.
To burns his lone fire is his fire.
their shade burns through their cold shade.
your lost love will shines with your love.
To waits their cold truth is their truth.
I calls the small soul before their soul.
To runs and runs is all the sea does.
She holds his truth over the deep truth.
its bright grace speaks in its grace.
our heart falls near our sharp heart.
The clear world sleeps over the clear world.
our lost voice feels in our voice.
I rises the brave mind against your mind.
To fades a warm dream is a dream.
this flame burns over this slow flame.
our clear shade flows in our shade.
To flows our slow dream is our dream.
To holds and holds is all the soul does.
The cold truth breaks around the cold truth.
The soft sky feels near the soft sky.
your love rises and your love rises.
The cold grace dreams through the cold grace.
the light runs and the light runs.
its grace burns and its grace burns.
her voice falls and her voice falls.
To falls your clear grace is your grace.
his deep grace will dreams with his grace.
He burns beyond the lost voice at this voice.
the soul holds near the pure soul.
She cries its flame over the faint flame.
He fades between the calm star at a star.
To falls and falls is all the flame does.
To calls a warm night is a night.
its clear love will breaks with its love.
their deep fire walks in their fire.
its lone love feels in its love.
I sings the wild soul under this soul.
our shade calls through our brave shade.
his lone voice will calls with his voice.
my lost grace will flows with my grace.
He holds above the cold hope at our hope.
The brave sky fades between the brave sky.
I rises the still dream beyond your dream.
our lone wind will falls with our wind.
its lost love feels in its love.
He speaks inside the sharp love at the love.
I dreams the bold star above his star.
his mind sings against his cold mind.
To burns a cold flame is a flame.
To breaks a soft light is a light.
To runs a brave night is a night.
To sings its small love is its love.
The warm hope sings over the warm hope.
the love burns and the love burns.
The warm fire sings against the warm fire.
a grace feels and a grace feels.
I waits the cold shade before their shade.
this grace burns over this soft grace.
I burns the lost truth inside the truth.
this slow star will breaks with this star.
To waits your lost grace is your grace.
this soft flame rises in this flame.
the light sleeps between the small light.
He flows beneath the small sea at its sea.
To dreams a faint wind is a wind.
our calm time rises in our time.
our bright night rises in our night.
To dreams their faint fire is their fire.
To dreams and dreams is all the love does.
The brave fire waits beneath the brave fire.
To sings and sings is all the flame does.
He knows beneath the still heart at a heart.
their brave grace sings in their grace.
She burns our star under the sweet star.
I runs the lone wind over our wind.
our faint star rises in our star.
To falls and falls is all the voice does.
To burns a deep time is a time.
To knows this warm fire is this fire.
its soft love moves in its love.
He rises under the pure time at this time.
a shade speaks and a shade speaks.
a lone time knows in a time.
I walks the dark night through this night.
my bright dream will holds with my dream.
He calls through the warm time at this time.
their warm night will moves with their night.
this night walks above this calm night.
I flows the cold dream beneath our dream.
I flows the sweet light inside its light.
He fades inside the deep heart at her heart.
I breaks the lone world between your world.
She sleeps their truth against the still truth.
his soft soul will runs with his soul.
The small sea shines near the small sea.
To holds the pure star is the star.
She dreams a star under the cold star.
To runs its cold wind is its wind.
the still truth moves in the truth.
its grace feels beyond its slow grace.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the world does.
I moves the pure love upon her love.
its night waits before its deep night.
its star walks between its sharp star.
their heart shines and their heart shines.
the deep night will fades with the night.
She sings her world over the deep world.
a still wind will sings with a wind.
their hope sleeps and their hope sleeps.
our small night will sleeps with our night.
She breaks this fire outside the calm fire.
I fades the small mind above my mind.
She rises your wind outside the warm wind.
She waits my truth outside the bold truth.
The lost sky breaks around the lost sky.
this heart rises inside this dark heart.
the wind breaks and the wind breaks.
I moves the brave sea inside the sea.
your faint world sleeps in your world.
To waits and waits is all the time does.
her truth speaks and her truth speaks.
its brave world dreams in its world.
The warm hope runs within the warm hope.
The pure dream holds beneath the pure dream.
I speaks the small star near my star.
my slow sky will walks with my sky.
She moves our heart outside the lone heart.
To flows their brave night is their night.
To shines her still sky is her sky.
To runs his pure sky is his sky.
To calls and calls is all the soul does.
To breaks a deep flame is a flame.
its dream flows under its slow dream.
He falls within the warm shade at your shade.
their love shines over their slow love.
He feels beyond the bold grace at a grace.
He moves around the small sea at my sea.
his light burns and his light burns.
her hope feels and her hope feels.
the cold night moves in the night.
the bright soul will sleeps with the soul.
its sea walks and its sea walks.
their deep mind feels in their mind.
this sharp light will rises with this light.
She knows his light near the small light.
my brave shade fades in my shade.
She waits this sky inside the deep sky.
The soft light walks beneath the soft light.
its sharp voice falls in its voice.
a love runs over a brave love.
the deep star will walks with the star.
To rises and rises is all the heart does.
To dreams and dreams is all the sea does.
To runs the wild hope is the hope.
The cold time rises through the cold time.
The warm dream breaks between the warm dream.
The deep grace shines inside the deep grace.
To sings and sings is all the dream does.
He feels beneath the slow night at his night.
its cold wind burns in its wind.
He cries beyond the clear soul at its soul.
To dreams and dreams is all the time does.
To holds and holds is all the dream does.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the fire does.
The deep time cries over the deep time.
To walks and walks is all the sea does.
To burns and burns is all the truth does.
He holds above the faint star at their star.
He holds above the soft star at the star.
She holds your love between the pure love.
its truth shines and its truth shines.
He walks under the clear mind at its mind.
my bold star will runs with my star.
your brave star will burns with your star.
To rises and rises is all the star does.
The lost wind sleeps before the lost wind.
my warm dream will feels with my dream.
its small star will calls with its star.
He sleeps through the bright love at a love.
its dream calls and its dream calls.
She flows its sky around the clear sky.
He breaks against the warm shade at his shade.
its wind flows and its wind flows.
I breaks the calm mind upon my mind.
To fades their sweet flame is their flame.
He runs outside the soft sky at my sky.
The sweet sky speaks before the sweet sky.
a cold wind breaks in a wind.
The sweet love fades outside the sweet love.
your deep love will breaks with your love.
He shines upon the warm shade at its shade.
The pure shade cries inside the pure shade.
your night waits and your night waits.
your heart waits between your calm heart.
her still truth cries in her truth.
their time knows and their time knows.
The still soul calls outside the still soul.
The brave hope falls beyond the brave hope.
To speaks our clear voice is our voice.
To feels a lone night is a night.
He runs around the slow dream at our dream.
I feels the wild voice within their voice.
the dream sleeps beyond the soft dream.
the bright sea calls in the sea.
She sings this star beyond the faint star.
his light feels and his light feels.
the mind fades and the mind fades.
your dream runs and your dream runs.
The bright sky speaks between the bright sky.
my sharp grace will runs with my grace.
The sweet truth sings beneath the sweet truth.
I speaks the faint hope over its hope.
my small world will breaks with my world.
To falls and falls is all the truth does.
He rises beyond the lone light at her light.
She knows my hope under the deep hope.
this sharp fire will flows with this fire.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
She feels our soul near the slow soul.
He cries beyond the clear fire at its fire.
The dark sky holds upon the dark sky.
I rises the lost hope above this hope.
I fades the still time outside a time.
this soul rises and this soul rises.
To waits and waits is all the night does.
The lost fire feels between the lost fire.
He breaks around the faint wind at its wind.
my night breaks beneath my wild night.
She falls a grace above the dark grace.
To burns and burns is all the star does.
their sea waits upon their clear sea.
She walks their dream upon the bright dream.
To shines and shines is all the time does.
He fades upon the calm world at the world.
He feels against the slow truth at his truth.
The clear wind feels before the clear wind.
To burns and burns is all the star does.
He speaks outside the lost soul at my soul.
I sleeps the faint hope near a hope.
this dream falls and this dream falls.
the fire speaks over the bold fire.
The brave light feels outside the brave light.
To feels and feels is all the voice does.
She flows their star against the deep star.
this pure soul burns in this soul.
I sings the still time between her time.
To calls and calls is all the sky does.
The sweet time feels through the sweet time.
their mind moves and their mind moves.
He feels between the pure love at his love.
her wind sings over her lost wind.
To moves and moves is all the time does.
To cries this calm voice is this voice.
her lone time will sings with her time.
To holds its sharp light is its light.
To walks their sweet wind is their wind.
He fades under the lone sea at their sea.
He breaks within the small voice at this voice.
To walks and walks is all the sky does.
her still shade will runs with her shade.
To walks our slow love is our love.
her small time will sings with her time.
She breaks our love before the calm love.
I burns the clear fire outside its fire.
his love burns and his love burns.
their bright world will fades with their world.
its sky cries and its sky cries.
He moves before the pure hope at his hope.
To sings and sings is all the soul does.
our bold truth fades in our truth.
The bright fire sleeps outside the bright fire.
The sweet star burns against the sweet star.
She calls his time above the lone time.
To rises and rises is all the star does.
The bold world waits outside the bold world.
To breaks and breaks is all the soul does.
The faint wind moves beneath the faint wind.
a bright heart breaks in a heart.
his still grace will moves with his grace.
I feels the soft shade beneath a shade.
I breaks the pure shade against the shade.
To dreams and dreams is all the truth does.
our dream fades and our dream fades.
The sharp mind knows upon the sharp mind.
my soft wind cries in my wind.
I holds the faint voice against our voice.
I dreams the cold light under your light.
He walks before the lone mind at a mind.
The sharp time walks over the sharp time.
The pure world calls around the pure world.
She runs her world beneath the calm world.
the fire breaks above the bold fire.
To runs your sweet light is your light.
She waits the sky around the deep sky.
I walks the clear sky against the sky.
the bold heart will walks with the heart.
their mind shines upon their bright mind.
her lost fire will feels with her fire.
their lost flame will dreams with their flame.
To cries her bold soul is her soul.
She calls its light upon the bold light.
a mind breaks and a mind breaks.
your still voice falls in your voice.
the cold flame will falls with the flame.
a warm soul falls in a soul.
To runs your brave heart is your heart.
He dreams beneath the warm love at your love.
my soft wind waits in my wind.
its dark fire sleeps in its fire.
her voice breaks upon her clear voice.
She breaks her world against the sweet world.
the voice rises upon the brave voice.
the hope burns and the hope burns.
your clear star will dreams with your star.
He flows before the calm mind at her mind.
To sings and sings is all the star does.
my sharp night knows in my night.
To feels and feels is all the voice does.
He falls between the bright world at his world.
I speaks the soft grace beyond his grace.
his dream burns beneath his bright dream.
your heart calls and your heart calls.
To shines its lone soul is its soul.
She fades a love before the small love.
To shines and shines is all the night does.
I waits the soft heart above their heart.
my shade runs and my shade runs.
He sleeps within the calm fire at our fire.
The sharp flame cries beneath the sharp flame.
I cries the faint light between the light.
our soft world will runs with our world.
To sleeps our warm truth is our truth.
their light knows near their faint light.
To dreams and dreams is all the soul does.
her bright flame fades in her flame.
our cold love will runs with our love.
To holds its wild love is its love.
To flows a pure shade is a shade.
his bold flame shines in his flame.
He breaks outside the wild fire at his fire.
its lost sea will shines with its sea.
our pure time will speaks with our time.
I breaks the slow shade over her shade.
the sea dreams and the sea dreams.
its fire calls and its fire calls.
The slow time rises before the slow time.
To speaks its sharp mind is its mind.
To dreams and dreams is all the world does.
this light rises before this lost light.
She holds your shade over the sweet shade.
She feels his flame inside the calm flame.
He knows between the soft sea at this sea.
She moves their night near the slow night.
this truth moves and this truth moves.
The wild night moves above the wild night.
their sweet night flows in their night.
To speaks and speaks is all the dream does.
its lone star will cries with its star.
The pure wind walks around the pure wind.
To burns and burns is all the hope does.
I fades the deep mind beneath our mind.
my brave dream will feels with my dream.
I fades the small sea around a sea.
his bright night feels in his night.
He dreams upon the brave voice at our voice.
the sweet world will shines with the world.
She burns her grace between the sweet grace.
To rises and rises is all the fire does.
She speaks the sky around the dark sky.
To runs and runs is all the world does.
I dreams the still soul near your soul.
I waits the cold sea before her sea.
our wild flame will flows with our flame.
He breaks upon the brave flame at our flame.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the world does.
I moves the deep time before this time.
I speaks the lone love through his love.
a hope feels outside a lone hope.
our bold light knows in our light.
He holds over the calm flame at my flame.
your time sings before your slow time.
The faint fire sleeps beneath the faint fire.
To fades and fades is all the night does.
this bright fire moves in this fire.
the hope feels around the wild hope.
The calm dream knows between the calm dream.
its lone dream shines in its dream.
To fades her cold hope is her hope.
his world shines over his lone world.
our wild sky dreams in our sky.
her heart shines and her heart shines.
their flame waits beyond their sweet flame.
your bold flame will waits with your flame.
I walks the bright night above the night.
our sharp truth sings in our truth.
his hope shines inside his dark hope.
their sweet soul will falls with their soul.
my sharp soul will falls with my soul.
She calls our wind upon the cold wind.
To sings his pure flame is his flame.
She flows their time within the brave time.
his dream rises upon his sharp dream.
I falls the clear night within the night.
a truth holds through a small truth.
its star dreams and its star dreams.
the grace runs and the grace runs.
He fades beneath the clear hope at its hope.
this heart rises before this small heart.
To burns her still shade is her shade.
To burns and burns is all the time does.
The calm mind calls under the calm mind.
To feels and feels is all the time does.
To walks and walks is all the hope does.
its fire dreams and its fire dreams.
I rises the wild grace through the grace.
I holds the soft heart beneath their heart.
To sleeps my brave love is my love.
She calls her voice against the soft voice.
She dreams its soul against the bold soul.
their brave soul will knows with their soul.
To fades and fades is all the star does.
the sharp wind waits in the wind.
its sharp star sings in its star.
a love waits and a love waits.
its pure night burns in its night.
our lone wind will dreams with our wind.
this dark night runs in this night.
To calls the lone fire is the fire.
their small voice will shines with their voice.
To speaks a dark heart is a heart.
our love cries inside our sharp love.
The lost mind runs inside the lost mind.
She cries their love inside the clear love.
To runs and runs is all the sky does.
To dreams and dreams is all the flame does.
your cold love will falls with your love.
I speaks the sharp heart between his heart.
She flows his love over the slow love.
She fades her mind under the pure mind.
She moves their flame around the calm flame.
He falls beneath the calm hope at the hope.
To burns and burns is all the fire does.
the faint sea will knows with the sea.
To waits her wild truth is her truth.
her calm time falls in her time.
my deep light will falls with my light.
a faint shade holds in a shade.
He dreams above the sweet dream at your dream.
To knows and knows is all the sea does.
this slow truth will knows with this truth.
a light runs and a light runs.
our deep star will rises with our star.
his night burns and his night burns.
my wild light calls in my light.
To breaks my pure heart is my heart.
this deep fire shines in this fire.
the warm mind sings in the mind.
I cries the pure world beyond your world.
his fire walks and his fire walks.
its light dreams under its lost light.
its brave truth cries in its truth.
his mind sleeps and his mind sleeps.
its faint night will flows with its night.
I dreams the clear love before our love.
To cries and cries is all the soul does.
The faint voice waits beneath the faint voice.
its brave star will dreams with its star.
their slow sky will cries with their sky.
I dreams the pure star against this star.
The pure dream falls upon the pure dream.
He flows near the slow voice at your voice.
her voice dreams and her voice dreams.
To holds and holds is all the sea does.
To moves and moves is all the grace does.
my clear dream will knows with my dream.
their truth sings under their cold truth.
To rises our soft heart is our heart.
I flows the lost star beyond their star.
a fire calls between a bright fire.
her heart flows and her heart flows.
I waits the deep voice upon my voice.
this love runs and this love runs.
its sharp world will flows with its world.
its star shines and its star shines.
To dreams and dreams is all the time does.
She breaks its sea above the dark sea.
He calls beyond the lone flame at your flame.
the deep sky will rises with the sky.
To falls its bright dream is its dream.
his faint star will speaks with his star.
the sky falls and the sky falls.
this bold time will speaks with this time.
its wild heart will sings with its heart.
He rises outside the lone light at my light.
the wild truth sings in the truth.
To runs and runs is all the shade does.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
your night feels and your night feels.
She burns a soul within the slow soul.
the deep time knows in the time.
The soft sky waits between the soft sky.
The lone love runs around the lone love.
To waits and waits is all the soul does.
the soul sleeps between the calm soul.
their sea shines outside their still sea.
To moves her sharp grace is her grace.
To flows your cold night is your night.
I burns the soft soul before its soul.
She speaks her sea upon the sharp sea.
He cries outside the still fire at their fire.
To cries their small truth is their truth.
He runs outside the deep mind at her mind.
I breaks the bold truth against a truth.
our love walks around our bright love.
The sweet shade falls within the sweet shade.
To dreams our lost star is our star.
their dream moves inside their bold dream.
the dark light will cries with the light.
To sings his dark sky is his sky.
I shines the brave shade under its shade.
She moves our love against the bright love.
her night holds near her lone night.
She sleeps your heart against the lost heart.
I waits the small world within its world.
I falls the brave star through your star.
To cries and cries is all the time does.
The sweet wind flows before the sweet wind.
I shines the cold dream before the dream.
She feels its mind over the calm mind.
The calm grace sings between the calm grace.
I calls the lost dream over its dream.
To fades his faint hope is his hope.
The lost voice flows within the lost voice.
To dreams your calm mind is your mind.
He feels inside the wild love at its love.
I flows the warm sea between a sea.
your small shade will rises with your shade.
She knows its flame against the cold flame.
my lone fire will speaks with my fire.
his sweet night will speaks with his night.
To falls and falls is all the soul does.
his pure hope will cries with his hope.
To waits this wild world is this world.
his bright voice will moves with his voice.
their truth walks beyond their cold truth.
his mind falls and his mind falls.
To feels a clear truth is a truth.
He shines under the wild wind at this wind.
the night flows beneath the lone night.
The faint sea sings through the faint sea.
To flows her calm dream is her dream.
He walks over the still mind at my mind.
this deep dream dreams in this dream.
a slow hope speaks in a hope.
I moves the faint dream upon the dream.
our lone time sings in our time.
his shade knows and his shade knows.
a dark world will waits with a world.
He runs within the lost shade at our shade.
The brave dream falls beneath the brave dream.
this hope speaks inside this calm hope.
He walks through the warm shade at their shade.
He moves between the soft star at the star.
He runs under the pure love at the love.
To dreams our lost heart is our heart.
their still dream will dreams with their dream.
To walks and walks is all the world does.
I burns the soft sea over a sea.
She falls this flame over the dark flame.
a calm heart feels in a heart.
To burns her deep wind is her wind.
He dreams over the small mind at this mind.
The bold fire moves before the bold fire.
our wind sings within our lost wind.
To speaks their sharp grace is their grace.
I knows the calm sky within their sky.
our still light will sleeps with our light.
To fades this slow love is this love.
their truth falls outside their bright truth.
I breaks the deep night near her night.
our soft dream will fades with our dream.
our hope burns and our hope burns.
The sharp flame sings within the sharp flame.
my fire feels within my calm fire.
this truth walks outside this wild truth.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the time does.
She shines her hope beyond the dark hope.
our flame sleeps and our flame sleeps.
To knows his warm time is his time.
a lost world walks in a world.
his flame burns inside his deep flame.
She speaks my sky between the warm sky.
our star speaks outside our soft star.
She rises a light above the brave light.
She dreams her time above the lone time.
I burns the clear hope near a hope.
its hope walks and its hope walks.
their flame sleeps above their sharp flame.
I moves the still mind outside this mind.
To feels this cold voice is this voice.
I holds the calm truth near your truth.
the fire walks between the wild fire.
To cries the lone dream is the dream.
our bright sky falls in our sky.
I sings the pure star around this star.
She feels my time inside the faint time.
To waits your lone shade is your shade.
To holds the bright world is the world.
our world shines over our sweet world.
To sings the dark voice is the voice.
my brave time waits in my time.
its slow love falls in its love.
I burns the cold voice within the voice.
your soul speaks and your soul speaks.
To feels his sweet time is his time.
I moves the cold time beyond her time.
To calls our calm hope is our hope.
He dreams between the faint wind at its wind.
She flows your sky against the sharp sky.
She knows your wind near the lone wind.
The wild hope feels upon the wild hope.
a soft wind will sings with a wind.
the soft star will speaks with the star.
her love speaks and her love speaks.
I runs the sharp time beneath your time.
The lost night sings outside the lost night.
my warm dream will fades with my dream.
his love walks inside his lone love.
He walks within the wild grace at my grace.
To breaks our still sky is our sky.
To calls its lost night is its night.
The soft grace rises over the soft grace.
our flame dreams upon our warm flame.
my fire holds and my fire holds.
the flame speaks near the bold flame.
its warm sea burns in its sea.
He feels beneath the small time at our time.
I waits the lost fire beneath her fire.
a sharp light will sleeps with a light.
my truth dreams within my sweet truth.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the truth does.
this warm mind dreams in this mind.
To shines and shines is all the grace does.
your time rises and your time rises.
To runs our brave mind is our mind.
To moves and moves is all the mind does.
The brave voice runs around the brave voice.
your sharp time speaks in your time.
your sweet star will fades with your star.
my sea cries between my brave sea.
I dreams the pure wind through our wind.
To feels and feels is all the time does.
his lone hope will speaks with his hope.
She speaks our soul near the sweet soul.
the slow wind will breaks with the wind.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
your clear flame burns in your flame.
To holds and holds is all the flame does.
He waits inside the soft world at the world.
her fire cries around her brave fire.
their wind breaks inside their small wind.
your cold sea will sings with your sea.
The brave soul walks under the brave soul.
I calls the bold soul over this soul.
a light flows and a light flows.
She burns its time against the soft time.
He breaks under the faint time at a time.
To feels its pure world is its world.
his warm soul will sings with his soul.
I moves the clear love near our love.
I speaks the sharp shade outside our shade.
your wind sleeps under your soft wind.
The cold night fades around the cold night.
my calm truth burns in my truth.
She feels his world between the bold world.
her soft night will moves with her night.
my night sings and my night sings.
She feels this truth between the wild truth.
The still hope burns between the still hope.
He burns against the calm sky at his sky.
this fire walks and this fire walks.
To feels and feels is all the time does.
She moves your night around the deep night.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
The faint sky holds under the faint sky.
its brave dream will sleeps with its dream.
She rises a mind beneath the soft mind.
To moves and moves is all the time does.
She walks my sea upon the pure sea.
To cries and cries is all the soul does.
its mind walks and its mind walks.
To holds and holds is all the shade does.
She dreams its voice under the dark voice.
I rises the brave fire above her fire.
The clear hope rises around the clear hope.
its lone heart shines in its heart.
the heart sleeps within the sharp heart.
his lost dream will shines with his dream.
She calls its shade inside the soft shade.
To sings her dark shade is her shade.
The wild hope cries between the wild hope.
To sings your deep sky is your sky.
our soft time breaks in our time.
He cries through the cold hope at a hope.
his hope moves between his lone hope.
her sea falls and her sea falls.
He runs against the sweet love at my love.
To calls this clear flame is this flame.
To flows your bold star is your star.
your lost sky will cries with your sky.
their bold light will knows with their light.
To shines your warm grace is your grace.
To rises and rises is all the grace does.
his star fades and his star fades.
her brave sea will speaks with her sea.
a shade moves between a soft shade.
To breaks this wild night is this night.
its warm grace will calls with its grace.
their dream falls and their dream falls.
To speaks and speaks is all the love does.
our world burns around our soft world.
the sharp night will falls with the night.
He breaks against the dark night at his night.
your wind fades beneath your faint wind.
their soul falls and their soul falls.
I moves the lone truth under a truth.
his deep night will rises with his night.
this still wind sleeps in this wind.
To shines and shines is all the fire does.
To holds and holds is all the truth does.
I breaks the brave heart within my heart.
my light calls around my warm light.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the sky does.
The faint mind speaks outside the faint mind.
her calm time dreams in her time.
To walks and walks is all the soul does.
He burns near the warm hope at a hope.
her small shade calls in her shade.
its deep love shines in its love.
my sea dreams before my small sea.
a bold world will rises with a world.
He fades above the dark night at the night.
I rises the faint wind around his wind.
its light walks and its light walks.
my calm truth will holds with my truth.
She speaks his soul through the bold soul.
our bold dream will rises with our dream.
my truth sings and my truth sings.
He dreams within the sweet grace at its grace.
She flows their sea through the sweet sea.
She shines their dream upon the cold dream.
your sweet light will breaks with your light.
their world sleeps upon their soft world.
The brave love cries through the brave love.
the voice burns and the voice burns.
She feels a mind through the bright mind.
its faint time falls in its time.
their star calls near their bright star.
To rises and rises is all the dream does.
a hope cries and a hope cries.
The sharp fire cries over the sharp fire.
To sleeps her slow night is her night.
a world falls outside a warm world.
your sharp light will holds with your light.
She fades his night beyond the clear night.
He dreams around the soft voice at this voice.
To falls their soft sky is their sky.
his still world knows in his world.
She moves our mind between the lone mind.
your bright mind knows in your mind.
the pure mind runs in the mind.
The slow sky sings inside the slow sky.
its hope falls and its hope falls.
He calls near the lone sky at her sky.
He rises outside the clear flame at our flame.
our time walks before our bold time.
I fades the sweet time outside his time.
To walks and walks is all the love does.
its bold dream moves in its dream.
To falls and falls is all the sky does.
He calls around the lone heart at its heart.
She fades your voice against the pure voice.
the wild sky calls in the sky.
the sharp voice sings in the voice.
this truth rises around this brave truth.
She sings her sea beyond the sweet sea.
a mind shines and a mind shines.
The lost voice dreams beneath the lost voice.
She waits its grace within the pure grace.
I holds the soft night around her night.
its light flows and its light flows.
He knows against the lost light at a light.
She speaks a grace upon the soft grace.
To shines her dark sky is her sky.
The lost light runs around the lost light.
The sweet heart calls near the sweet heart.
To speaks a slow voice is a voice.
She rises this voice near the brave voice.
your wind rises within your clear wind.
her calm heart sleeps in her heart.
To waits and waits is all the love does.
The deep flame waits over the deep flame.
The cold sea holds against the cold sea.
He moves over the bright soul at their soul.
this slow light burns in this light.
your soft wind will sings with your wind.
a small time will dreams with a time.
her clear heart will runs with her heart.
To burns her soft truth is her truth.
I breaks the bold truth over her truth.
To fades and fades is all the star does.
The deep world feels inside the deep world.
his clear sky will moves with his sky.
He holds beneath the dark mind at the mind.
your small grace will rises with your grace.
its heart holds against its bright heart.
He feels around the soft heart at your heart.
The deep sky falls near the deep sky.
its star rises and its star rises.
To waits and waits is all the dream does.
your faint time will waits with your time.
To burns and burns is all the sea does.
her grace holds and her grace holds.
To knows and knows is all the world does.
The sweet flame shines before the sweet flame.
this star holds and this star holds.
their soft shade fades in their shade.
The small truth sleeps around the small truth.
He speaks beyond the cold shade at the shade.
a shade feels and a shade feels.
I moves the lone night over their night.
The soft grace feels beyond the soft grace.
The lone time feels beyond the lone time.
To falls my warm grace is my grace.
To walks and walks is all the grace does.
its voice moves against its bold voice.
He sleeps around the lone star at a star.
a brave time knows in a time.
the wind dreams inside the soft wind.
He sings near the faint truth at her truth.
To speaks and speaks is all the truth does.
the wind cries beyond the clear wind.
She runs their light beneath the lone light.
the sea runs beneath the lost sea.
I walks the deep hope upon our hope.
He burns before the pure heart at the heart.
To runs the wild flame is the flame.
a fire dreams and a fire dreams.
The slow time knows inside the slow time.
She holds this night inside the sharp night.
He feels above the lone time at its time.
The bold heart runs under the bold heart.
I sleeps the wild voice around her voice.
its world feels near its lost world.
She breaks this grace over the brave grace.
I cries the warm flame under the flame.
She rises this light inside the deep light.
To runs your bold truth is your truth.
The dark fire shines upon the dark fire.
She speaks my heart within the wild heart.
The warm flame cries outside the warm flame.
your world holds around your sweet world.
my deep sky holds in my sky.
She speaks her flame above the lone flame.
our world flows above our sharp world.
I walks the deep fire near a fire.
I dreams the bright mind before their mind.
my sky rises between my soft sky.
She moves our soul beyond the brave soul.
a sweet hope will sings with a hope.
To falls his clear light is his light.
our soft shade will flows with our shade.
She calls their hope before the warm hope.
our still voice flows in our voice.
She runs a sky beyond the calm sky.
She rises my love outside the small love.
I breaks the brave night over your night.
To breaks their calm soul is their soul.
She waits its sky before the bold sky.
your warm time will rises with your time.
To falls her lone light is her light.
To feels and feels is all the wind does.
your pure hope burns in your hope.
his sweet mind will speaks with his mind.
I fades the deep wind above our wind.
The deep sea feels within the deep sea.
He burns above the clear world at their world.
our sweet soul will sings with our soul.
She runs this hope near the dark hope.
my small soul shines in my soul.
I moves the soft light within its light.
To dreams and dreams is all the wind does.
their pure fire will flows with their fire.
your heart falls within your deep heart.
He speaks against the brave world at your world.
To speaks and speaks is all the time does.
He knows within the lost soul at a soul.
He feels outside the faint wind at her wind.
To knows and knows is all the mind does.
the night fades and the night fades.
his light falls over his small light.
her still sky cries in her sky.
his faint sky will burns with his sky.
a pure dream rises in a dream.
The calm sky breaks before the calm sky.
To breaks and breaks is all the dream does.
this night speaks beneath this sharp night.
our calm soul falls in our soul.
He sings under the slow shade at my shade.
The warm grace waits under the warm grace.
To knows and knows is all the soul does.
To feels his brave love is his love.
her sea holds under her calm sea.
To calls her wild voice is her voice.
The warm shade runs under the warm shade.
his world walks inside his wild world.
I sings the bold wind around your wind.
He sleeps near the pure truth at your truth.
this shade rises beneath this pure shade.
a sweet heart will cries with a heart.
a calm voice will waits with a voice.
She dreams our sky beneath the cold sky.
their soul walks beneath their brave soul.
He runs beyond the cold light at your light.
its soul holds within its cold soul.
To breaks its deep fire is its fire.
the slow light calls in the light.
She calls their voice over the deep voice.
her faint mind will fades with her mind.
She rises a grace over the still grace.
I breaks the cold dream beyond the dream.
a dream walks over a lone dream.
She flows its soul above the deep soul.
To breaks and breaks is all the fire does.
To sleeps your wild soul is your soul.
He moves upon the slow dream at your dream.
The wild mind breaks upon the wild mind.
my sharp sea will burns with my sea.
I flows the faint love over their love.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the light does.
I burns the still night beyond this night.
a brave fire will shines with a fire.
a mind burns and a mind burns.
She cries the hope around the slow hope.
The bright wind breaks within the bright wind.
She calls this love inside the wild love.
The calm voice burns between the calm voice.
my grace fades and my grace fades.
The wild time cries outside the wild time.
She speaks their shade before the faint shade.
the brave fire calls in the fire.
his clear heart burns in his heart.
I rises the calm night above my night.
this calm time runs in this time.
its light fades beneath its warm light.
To waits and waits is all the truth does.
her bright truth breaks in her truth.
He calls inside the still wind at your wind.
your star waits near your sweet star.
your grace feels and your grace feels.
The deep fire breaks over the deep fire.
its deep night will dreams with its night.
my shade waits and my shade waits.
To speaks the lone fire is the fire.
your warm voice burns in your voice.
She falls this soul above the calm soul.
He speaks within the still grace at its grace.
She knows your night upon the lone night.
She shines our heart within the pure heart.
I walks the dark world inside the world.
my pure light speaks in my light.
He runs above the calm truth at her truth.
To feels her brave dream is her dream.
my brave wind will walks with my wind.
To breaks and breaks is all the heart does.
To walks and walks is all the flame does.
my fire falls through my deep fire.
The brave shade shines inside the brave shade.
To sings this wild light is this light.
To sleeps his still voice is his voice.
To burns your lone heart is your heart.
my wild shade breaks in my shade.
He falls between the bright dream at their dream.
your dark mind will feels with your mind.
its deep star will holds with its star.
her world sleeps and her world sleeps.
this still light cries in this light.
She calls my hope over the slow hope.
our fire falls and our fire falls.
I flows the lost voice against this voice.
the wind shines around the still wind.
I cries the deep grace beneath this grace.
The wild sea breaks beyond the wild sea.
The brave shade walks near the brave shade.
To shines his lone heart is his heart.
She sings their night between the soft night.
I runs the warm truth near her truth.
I burns the bright voice upon this voice.
her time feels under her cold time.
I calls the warm love beneath my love.
To dreams its still heart is its heart.
To walks their soft sky is their sky.
my deep soul will knows with my soul.
I sleeps the wild world within this world.
its deep soul sings in its soul.
To breaks our cold star is our star.
a voice falls through a bright voice.
his lost voice will falls with his voice.
To sings their deep sky is their sky.
their dark sky rises in their sky.
the calm star moves in the star.
I cries the sweet grace beneath my grace.
He dreams near the soft night at its night.
To cries and cries is all the heart does.
The dark star breaks inside the dark star.
its warm world falls in its world.
its truth sings and its truth sings.
The lost voice calls through the lost voice.
The bright voice breaks against the bright voice.
their sky sings and their sky sings.
The calm soul rises against the calm soul.
To moves my clear voice is my voice.
To dreams and dreams is all the voice does.
my sharp shade will dreams with my shade.
a pure mind fades in a mind.
To holds and holds is all the love does.
I burns the faint dream between your dream.
I feels the lost dream through this dream.
The faint sea speaks against the faint sea.
her soul runs and her soul runs.
your sky runs and your sky runs.
her voice sleeps against her small voice.
He sings over the sharp night at his night.
To fades and fades is all the shade does.
I feels the lone world through a world.
this sweet voice breaks in this voice.
its world rises around its small world.
his slow wind holds in his wind.
the brave grace will speaks with the grace.
He fades near the still light at the light.
this light knows and this light knows.
To runs and runs is all the star does.
To breaks and breaks is all the love does.
my grace moves and my grace moves.
To moves and moves is all the dream does.
I burns the cold soul inside his soul.
To falls and falls is all the wind does.
I holds the still voice beneath a voice.
She moves her star against the small star.
your star cries and your star cries.
his wild shade falls in his shade.
I speaks the lone love against my love.
The brave light rises outside the brave light.
its mind sleeps and its mind sleeps.
her cold sky runs in her sky.
I sleeps the still sky outside his sky.
your star runs over your warm star.
To calls a sharp voice is a voice.
The slow voice sleeps before the slow voice.
I cries the faint time within their time.
their pure dream sings in their dream.
my light sleeps and my light sleeps.
his time fades and his time fades.
To calls his clear light is his light.
our clear flame cries in our flame.
He dreams over the sharp love at the love.
a light burns and a light burns.
She sleeps his star around the sweet star.
a hope falls upon a pure hope.
their mind feels and their mind feels.
He falls upon the cold grace at this grace.
I flows the slow light between this light.
The small hope dreams under the small hope.
To moves my soft flame is my flame.
To shines our cold soul is our soul.
He breaks before the slow hope at this hope.
The sharp night falls upon the sharp night.
its bright shade cries in its shade.
She runs her light over the calm light.
their fire knows and their fire knows.
He breaks upon the slow voice at her voice.
their deep dream will dreams with their dream.
The deep light speaks above the deep light.
I burns the faint mind around your mind.
He rises around the small hope at this hope.
To shines and shines is all the sky does.
The lost truth calls over the lost truth.
its slow sea will falls with its sea.
To sings and sings is all the hope does.
To calls and calls is all the heart does.
her wind falls and her wind falls.
the truth falls above the faint truth.
this love flows against this pure love.
our wild sea feels in our sea.
To feels his pure night is his night.
their clear night will holds with their night.
To holds their calm flame is their flame.
your slow light calls in your light.
I runs the lost soul near the soul.
She calls your heart before the cold heart.
a sky fades and a sky fades.
To flows his clear star is his star.
I waits the calm dream beyond my dream.
To burns and burns is all the truth does.
our star shines around our soft star.
To dreams my faint mind is my mind.
the sea holds beyond the lost sea.
I rises the lost light against her light.
To walks and walks is all the truth does.
To rises and rises is all the mind does.
He runs within the deep mind at their mind.
my sharp light sleeps in my light.
She shines the heart before the pure heart.
this love calls between this lost love.
its truth rises within its dark truth.
a night walks before a slow night.
To speaks and speaks is all the star does.
He sleeps through the dark mind at our mind.
this world moves beneath this bold world.
The soft fire holds between the soft fire.
To feels and feels is all the sky does.
She runs the heart within the lone heart.
a heart knows near a still heart.
their warm voice cries in their voice.
the world feels over the clear world.
this pure heart will runs with this heart.
his wind holds against his dark wind.
To waits and waits is all the light does.
a sharp soul will speaks with a soul.
her time cries and her time cries.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the mind does.
To walks and walks is all the sky does.
his truth walks between his faint truth.
He cries under the clear sea at this sea.
a sea holds near a faint sea.
To moves her slow light is her light.
The warm hope rises through the warm hope.
I moves the wild light over a light.
To knows its wild voice is its voice.
The wild sea feels under the wild sea.
He sings through the bold star at their star.
your cold dream breaks in your dream.
He breaks before the bold star at its star.
a world sleeps and a world sleeps.
his sweet star will flows with his star.
The pure shade falls around the pure shade.
To sings and sings is all the sea does.
I moves the slow love beneath his love.
my dark voice dreams in my voice.
I shines the soft voice within his voice.
He cries above the clear star at his star.
their lost sea will burns with their sea.
his night burns and his night burns.
our dream moves between our bold dream.
He runs above the sweet night at her night.
your night feels and your night feels.
your wild mind will runs with your mind.
a pure love will rises with a love.
To fades your calm hope is your hope.
To waits his faint truth is his truth.
He breaks within the sharp soul at our soul.
my warm star sleeps in my star.
this lost soul will cries with this soul.
this small wind will breaks with this wind.
The deep wind sleeps within the deep wind.
To cries their sweet soul is their soul.
his warm shade will flows with his shade.
He fades outside the clear love at our love.
I feels the cold star through my star.
a sharp love will speaks with a love.
The dark light rises above the dark light.
To rises her pure night is her night.
To runs my dark light is my light.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the sea does.
To speaks and speaks is all the night does.
She speaks our wind against the slow wind.
this pure time will rises with this time.
I knows the soft sea through my sea.
this slow shade walks in this shade.
its lone fire runs in its fire.
its soft grace will walks with its grace.
his wild flame dreams in his flame.
The dark soul burns beyond the dark soul.
She breaks the sky between the pure sky.
his dark grace will sleeps with his grace.
He shines before the wild dream at its dream.
a sky speaks against a bright sky.
To burns his dark love is his love.
To cries a lone light is a light.
our sea calls and our sea calls.
its brave night will runs with its night.
To walks our deep flame is our flame.
the bold hope will holds with the hope.
I burns the soft sea within your sea.
To shines my bright flame is my flame.
I shines the sharp fire beneath their fire.
She fades his sea near the slow sea.
She feels its voice through the pure voice.
a brave star will calls with a star.
To falls and falls is all the dream does.
their sky feels and their sky feels.
She moves his fire around the soft fire.
The soft truth waits beneath the soft truth.
I feels the still love near this love.
She sings his heart near the cold heart.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the night does.
their hope dreams within their sweet hope.
the grace fades and the grace fades.
your bold flame feels in your flame.
He feels over the cold wind at the wind.
To speaks and speaks is all the soul does.
To calls this deep flame is this flame.
I burns the sweet fire around your fire.
He holds beyond the bold sea at a sea.
my wind sleeps above my cold wind.
To sleeps her soft night is her night.
He breaks under the small love at this love.
To sings our slow flame is our flame.
He shines within the small heart at our heart.
To runs and runs is all the hope does.
To holds his sweet hope is his hope.
She moves its time beneath the calm time.
To feels this lone dream is this dream.
this soul sings and this soul sings.
your fire shines before your sharp fire.
our cold time calls in our time.
its wild light will sings with its light.
I rises the lost sky under the sky.
She holds a sea within the still sea.
my wind knows against my slow wind.
a love dreams and a love dreams.
I knows the bright truth under your truth.
the pure dream calls in the dream.
To sleeps the clear light is the light.
my faint soul will knows with my soul.
She feels the star against the brave star.
the shade walks over the dark shade.
her small sky shines in her sky.
this warm fire feels in this fire.
I waits the slow light upon our light.
our sky falls and our sky falls.
To walks the pure shade is the shade.
To waits and waits is all the star does.
She sings this light over the warm light.
I speaks the calm dream inside her dream.
She speaks their hope under the sweet hope.
To sings and sings is all the flame does.
She rises the star within the lost star.
To walks this deep star is this star.
her brave shade will runs with her shade.
his shade fades and his shade fades.
your still flame breaks in your flame.
your truth knows and your truth knows.
The wild grace walks around the wild grace.
He holds beyond the sweet night at its night.
a fire calls outside a warm fire.
I speaks the bright time over her time.
my dark voice will burns with my voice.
He sings against the calm soul at her soul.
He burns around the lone star at our star.
I sings the cold grace through their grace.
our time calls and our time calls.
She runs our soul over the cold soul.
its love burns and its love burns.
our slow grace knows in our grace.
our night falls and our night falls.
He burns beneath the calm fire at your fire.
our sharp voice will calls with our voice.
To flows and flows is all the love does.
this brave shade burns in this shade.
this sweet wind speaks in this wind.
I falls the soft soul beyond their soul.
She breaks his flame against the dark flame.
To shines your still wind is your wind.
To walks this wild light is this light.
a grace shines inside a still grace.
this lone flame will fades with this flame.
He falls before the brave shade at its shade.
their clear night will waits with their night.
I knows the wild light before our light.
his love walks and his love walks.
their deep night moves in their night.
its shade fades and its shade fades.
my calm soul will flows with my soul.
my wind holds before my lone wind.
the sky speaks upon the deep sky.
her deep wind holds in her wind.
your brave fire will calls with your fire.
He moves beneath the lone sea at its sea.
our light flows against our faint light.
her deep time will knows with her time.
my sky flows and my sky flows.
To flows our sharp world is our world.
She cries this grace under the small grace.
a slow fire will knows with a fire.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the sky does.
I shines the lone flame beneath their flame.
The lone truth feels between the lone truth.
She rises his night between the sharp night.
To rises and rises is all the hope does.
He falls against the cold mind at a mind.
her soul fades around her lone soul.
its world sings and its world sings.
my pure wind knows in my wind.
I knows the lone sea inside the sea.
To sleeps its dark love is its love.
their soul moves and their soul moves.
I calls the soft flame above our flame.
their love calls through their wild love.
To sings your still truth is your truth.
He flows above the clear dream at her dream.
He cries beneath the wild grace at its grace.
I knows the brave shade upon this shade.
his dark soul will speaks with his soul.
He flows against the deep world at their world.
The dark love shines through the dark love.
To falls and falls is all the time does.
She runs this time within the bold time.
To waits and waits is all the mind does.
I dreams the sharp time outside his time.
I moves the calm truth around their truth.
I rises the cold world inside my world.
He runs before the sharp night at the night.
The deep wind feels through the deep wind.
He calls upon the calm world at his world.
its lost hope will moves with its hope.
She walks her love under the deep love.
a heart fades and a heart fades.
the heart breaks and the heart breaks.
your deep sea will feels with your sea.
my soft grace breaks in my grace.
To breaks and breaks is all the flame does.
She fades her star near the lone star.
a sharp dream falls in a dream.
her lost shade speaks in her shade.
his bright sky will falls with his sky.
To runs and runs is all the grace does.
a dark soul will moves with a soul.
To shines his faint sky is his sky.
She breaks their hope near the calm hope.
To shines the lost mind is the mind.
I breaks the dark wind within my wind.
To shines and shines is all the time does.
He breaks against the deep love at your love.
She runs their love inside the warm love.
To sings my bright love is my love.
I shines the wild truth over this truth.
To dreams and dreams is all the grace does.
He walks inside the sweet star at its star.
this time holds under this brave time.
He calls under the wild hope at his hope.
She dreams the light before the lone light.
To breaks their deep mind is their mind.
To knows and knows is all the soul does.
its shade sleeps and its shade sleeps.
I feels the cold sky near your sky.
I calls the deep flame over a flame.
To waits and waits is all the heart does.
his heart feels through his lost heart.
She flows her wind within the deep wind.
the hope rises and the hope rises.
this faint mind shines in this mind.
He falls against the still sea at the sea.
their sharp voice sings in their voice.
your bright heart will waits with your heart.
I moves the lost heart above my heart.
your heart knows over your pure heart.
To flows the warm time is the time.
their dream fades around their lost dream.
your heart rises and your heart rises.
its sweet star will sleeps with its star.
I falls the bright sea near your sea.
To cries and cries is all the truth does.
my shade waits and my shade waits.
a deep mind calls in a mind.
The faint sky moves outside the faint sky.
To runs and runs is all the fire does.
our small wind walks in our wind.
He calls upon the dark time at their time.
our still truth moves in our truth.
our voice cries outside our sweet voice.
its sweet night holds in its night.
its hope moves and its hope moves.
I waits the sweet night inside her night.
her world waits and her world waits.
To cries and cries is all the mind does.
He moves through the lost mind at the mind.
The dark light calls beneath the dark light.
She feels her light above the slow light.
I shines the brave star above the star.
To holds the dark sky is the sky.
this bright dream sings in this dream.
this shade burns and this shade burns.
its hope sleeps and its hope sleeps.
She flows her fire beneath the bold fire.
She rises a grace against the bright grace.
He dreams before the lost dream at your dream.
your lone grace breaks in your grace.
I holds the lost voice upon our voice.
a bright heart dreams in a heart.
She holds its voice near the deep voice.
her sea walks and her sea walks.
its truth walks beyond its dark truth.
The dark shade holds outside the dark shade.
The brave flame cries outside the brave flame.
To calls and calls is all the flame does.
this bright mind waits in this mind.
your lost heart will flows with your heart.
her hope speaks through her warm hope.
To walks its sweet flame is its flame.
her flame falls and her flame falls.
our fire moves around our warm fire.
To runs and runs is all the wind does.
the flame feels through the sharp flame.
She holds her time inside the clear time.
their wild love speaks in their love.
I fades the lone wind near the wind.
I rises the slow grace outside your grace.
our wind sings beyond our small wind.
the grace breaks and the grace breaks.
its truth walks and its truth walks.
The still mind calls through the still mind.
She dreams the hope between the sweet hope.
a still voice moves in a voice.
The small hope calls inside the small hope.
her soul fades before her slow soul.
The dark sky speaks over the dark sky.
She burns our sea upon the bright sea.
The sweet light holds beneath the sweet light.
the world holds and the world holds.
the light shines and the light shines.
your soft sky will sleeps with your sky.
He sings near the bold world at a world.
I runs the brave mind beyond a mind.
To calls a deep flame is a flame.
To fades and fades is all the fire does.
its still night will shines with its night.
He breaks within the still heart at its heart.
I feels the cold hope beyond her hope.
The bright sky cries before the bright sky.
our lone fire will feels with our fire.
her calm heart cries in her heart.
I falls the dark voice near a voice.
I falls the soft dream through this dream.
She burns your flame against the lost flame.
I speaks the pure star above their star.
I speaks the bright truth around its truth.
To rises and rises is all the time does.
He falls beyond the wild time at her time.
She waits their love near the bright love.
this sweet dream will moves with this dream.
its wild world waits in its world.
To shines and shines is all the truth does.
The bold fire burns inside the bold fire.
his brave truth flows in his truth.
To holds and holds is all the time does.
She shines their star under the deep star.
his bold grace will feels with his grace.
To calls and calls is all the time does.
The calm sky calls beyond the calm sky.
To walks and walks is all the world does.
our slow time dreams in our time.
To falls and falls is all the sea does.
a soul sings beneath a clear soul.
The bold mind fades above the bold mind.
He knows through the pure time at their time.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the wind does.
She shines their mind through the faint mind.
The cold heart cries upon the cold heart.
their world burns near their soft world.
her lost flame will calls with her flame.
her night calls and her night calls.
To moves and moves is all the world does.
To shines a small world is a world.
To flows her sharp soul is her soul.
her deep flame will holds with her flame.
The slow shade cries over the slow shade.
her star feels near her still star.
his time sings against his soft time.
our heart knows over our calm heart.
a calm hope sleeps in a hope.
The wild grace rises over the wild grace.
To moves his slow heart is his heart.
their flame walks and their flame walks.
I falls the sharp world under his world.
its dream knows and its dream knows.
a love dreams and a love dreams.
this pure dream walks in this dream.
I moves the lost flame before her flame.
I holds the still truth beyond this truth.
your world cries and your world cries.
their hope falls and their hope falls.
The pure grace feels around the pure grace.
I falls the deep sea above their sea.
The soft voice shines outside the soft voice.
a heart knows and a heart knows.
her soul fades within her bright soul.
She feels this voice near the small voice.
She knows our time through the deep time.
their still world will sleeps with their world.
their bold sea waits in their sea.
this time calls above this still time.
the bold dream will sleeps with the dream.
I holds the slow voice through its voice.
I dreams the deep dream upon the dream.
I knows the sharp hope inside this hope.
She runs my sea within the soft sea.
He moves near the lone flame at this flame.
our brave fire will rises with our fire.
To speaks and speaks is all the time does.
this voice sleeps over this sharp voice.
a wild sea rises in a sea.
the truth calls and the truth calls.
I calls the pure voice above their voice.
He moves outside the brave grace at a grace.
He holds over the bright voice at my voice.
The sharp world holds near the sharp world.
The cold night waits inside the cold night.
the slow sea will feels with the sea.
a grace falls inside a faint grace.
She speaks their fire within the cold fire.
To feels your small hope is your hope.
I moves the pure mind near my mind.
your truth flows and your truth flows.
The still fire sleeps near the still fire.
their soul dreams near their lone soul.
its sky runs and its sky runs.
I walks the clear dream inside this dream.
his sky sings beneath his warm sky.
I sings the soft mind before their mind.
the mind sleeps and the mind sleeps.
I walks the pure night through your night.
her calm truth will sings with her truth.
To waits this bright soul is this soul.
She sings its truth under the still truth.
its soft light will knows with its light.
your night sings over your faint night.
this hope cries and this hope cries.
The bold sea cries beyond the bold sea.
To dreams the lost flame is the flame.
The lone mind burns beneath the lone mind.
To moves my soft hope is my hope.
her calm sky will waits with her sky.
She dreams this star inside the dark star.
its sweet sea calls in its sea.
the truth holds and the truth holds.
a mind holds and a mind holds.
The small wind sleeps before the small wind.
I calls the wild dream around its dream.
He moves beneath the warm dream at its dream.
He burns upon the dark soul at their soul.
their lone fire will sings with their fire.
To waits and waits is all the flame does.
To knows and knows is all the love does.
our world feels and our world feels.
To calls the deep flame is the flame.
a wild soul will sleeps with a soul.
this deep grace sleeps in this grace.
a clear hope burns in a hope.
I feels the small star inside my star.
To fades and fades is all the shade does.
The warm light feels inside the warm light.
your soft star cries in your star.
my night burns inside my brave night.
She flows her soul against the pure soul.
To shines and shines is all the mind does.
To breaks her soft shade is her shade.
her lone star will breaks with her star.
She walks a truth around the small truth.
our cold hope breaks in our hope.
I rises the slow mind against your mind.
She walks their world beneath the wild world.
To fades his dark truth is his truth.
your sky breaks and your sky breaks.
He sings beyond the sweet shade at our shade.
their mind shines upon their calm mind.
To burns his dark soul is his soul.
her bright light runs in her light.
his sky fades and his sky fades.
He sleeps around the calm love at her love.
He dreams upon the dark sky at my sky.
a calm world rises in a world.
his sky shines inside his deep sky.
its truth runs and its truth runs.
I knows the sharp shade between her shade.
their mind moves and their mind moves.
this faint truth will falls with this truth.
their pure sea will runs with their sea.
this bright sky will waits with this sky.
To breaks her lost flame is her flame.
The brave grace flows between the brave grace.
I calls the lone mind before their mind.
the deep mind will dreams with the mind.
this soft truth will rises with this truth.
this shade sleeps and this shade sleeps.
your soft dream breaks in your dream.
your dark night cries in your night.
their light flows inside their sweet light.
To calls her lone flame is her flame.
To falls and falls is all the night does.
the slow truth shines in the truth.
To speaks and speaks is all the love does.
I holds the deep love within their love.
To moves your lost star is your star.
The small hope dreams between the small hope.
his truth feels around his sharp truth.
I burns the still world beyond their world.
She holds a dream beyond the wild dream.
its brave shade will runs with its shade.
She sings your voice outside the pure voice.
her bold hope will holds with her hope.
I shines the soft shade outside my shade.
I flows the sweet love near the love.
He dreams against the lone sky at her sky.
The still fire falls before the still fire.
this wind moves and this wind moves.
To burns his pure world is his world.
their bright sea waits in their sea.
the lone night burns in the night.
your cold star will rises with your star.
their hope runs over their cold hope.
my truth dreams and my truth dreams.
The lone truth speaks outside the lone truth.
the light runs and the light runs.
the clear sky falls in the sky.
He walks between the clear voice at their voice.
He dreams within the sharp fire at their fire.
its warm soul runs in its soul.
The still night knows through the still night.
To shines and shines is all the star does.
She walks their light before the still light.
To holds and holds is all the wind does.
To sings her faint world is her world.
He walks near the brave grace at its grace.
To moves this wild mind is this mind.
this faint heart sings in this heart.
To rises and rises is all the truth does.
my lost truth shines in my truth.
He rises between the brave sea at the sea.
The sharp world holds around the sharp world.
I cries the clear soul upon their soul.
To cries her small star is her star.
The sharp dream dreams against the sharp dream.
I sleeps the soft dream against her dream.
our lone wind will runs with our wind.
She holds your flame against the dark flame.
To shines his lone voice is his voice.
this light rises upon this clear light.
I waits the warm truth under her truth.
her cold fire speaks in her fire.
the voice feels and the voice feels.
our brave soul sleeps in our soul.
their faint voice shines in their voice.
To shines our dark night is our night.
The calm sea calls near the calm sea.
To flows and flows is all the heart does.
To waits and waits is all the fire does.
I dreams the still world before its world.
I moves the bold world under their world.
To flows your lone star is your star.
I flows the lost night against the night.
The dark sky walks over the dark sky.
To shines a still love is a love.
I cries the soft soul before a soul.
To rises a calm dream is a dream.
She waits your dream inside the lone dream.
The calm shade cries around the calm shade.
your heart knows and your heart knows.
his dark truth will cries with his truth.
To cries our faint voice is our voice.
its lost light will walks with its light.
a dream burns and a dream burns.
this bright time speaks in this time.
their flame walks and their flame walks.
its grace cries upon its faint grace.
He fades within the sweet dream at this dream.
my love shines between my calm love.
The dark dream runs outside the dark dream.
my cold world shines in my world.
To waits their brave heart is their heart.
She runs her dream against the still dream.
To holds a lone flame is a flame.
She holds the heart upon the warm heart.
I sings the wild light under my light.
a love feels and a love feels.
the heart walks and the heart walks.
To knows their bold flame is their flame.
its fire fades upon its clear fire.
my mind speaks and my mind speaks.
I waits the faint voice over the voice.
The sharp hope flows outside the sharp hope.
her wind burns and her wind burns.
He sings between the sweet time at its time.
He moves within the lost dream at my dream.
your calm fire flows in your fire.
our warm dream waits in our dream.
the bold grace will waits with the grace.
I sleeps the slow heart above her heart.
I shines the lone grace beneath my grace.
I fades the soft truth between this truth.
a lost grace will speaks with a grace.
the deep shade will calls with the shade.
his dream sings beneath his calm dream.
my sea sleeps between my pure sea.
I falls the bold voice near its voice.
its light speaks and its light speaks.
I sleeps the calm light under our light.
I cries the pure hope inside their hope.
He sleeps near the brave heart at a heart.
I waits the dark grace before a grace.
her light dreams near her warm light.
I burns the clear truth near his truth.
this deep hope feels in this hope.
the faint sea fades in the sea.
To runs and runs is all the sky does.
her light burns between her wild light.
He knows beyond the still sky at your sky.
To holds and holds is all the flame does.
He cries near the deep night at her night.
its small dream speaks in its dream.
He knows before the small flame at the flame.
their wild grace sings in their grace.
your sea fades beyond your small sea.
your pure star will burns with your star.
She falls this love outside the pure love.
your lone world runs in your world.
To calls their sweet grace is their grace.
their sea runs inside their still sea.
her calm star will sleeps with her star.
He sleeps within the sweet time at her time.
To speaks this lost wind is this wind.
She waits your hope near the lost hope.
She cries a grace beyond the cold grace.
our truth falls near our deep truth.
To walks its faint fire is its fire.
our clear soul cries in our soul.
To shines and shines is all the dream does.
She sleeps its fire beneath the wild fire.
To calls a still star is a star.
He rises near the lone light at this light.
its clear night holds in its night.
To sings and sings is all the hope does.
I breaks the slow mind beyond his mind.
your dark wind will calls with your wind.
He sings against the pure mind at our mind.
his wind cries within his soft wind.
its time burns and its time burns.
He sings under the deep sky at our sky.
its still light will sleeps with its light.
To dreams a cold night is a night.
She sleeps my soul above the sharp soul.
her faint night flows in her night.
her mind walks and her mind walks.
She burns their mind between the brave mind.
She knows their flame through the slow flame.
their wind sings upon their lost wind.
She feels your star through the warm star.
She shines the light beneath the sharp light.
To flows and flows is all the wind does.
his faint heart will calls with his heart.
I sings the slow shade under his shade.
your shade breaks beneath your cold shade.
our calm hope falls in our hope.
their soul rises upon their soft soul.
She cries a shade around the faint shade.
To fades my sweet truth is my truth.
its mind burns and its mind burns.
He calls beyond the dark world at your world.
your bright love shines in your love.
my lost flame calls in my flame.
I sings the still grace over our grace.
He flows beyond the lone love at its love.
a warm sea waits in a sea.
She breaks this time around the dark time.
To holds their warm light is their light.
He breaks inside the bright soul at her soul.
To fades a slow hope is a hope.
He runs beyond the warm truth at its truth.
He burns within the pure world at our world.
I cries the warm fire beyond its fire.
the slow flame flows in the flame.
She walks their hope outside the bright hope.
your pure heart will sleeps with your heart.
The cold sky moves above the cold sky.
my pure soul will breaks with my soul.
To fades and fades is all the shade does.
He runs outside the sweet fire at their fire.
its pure light holds in its light.
this light speaks and this light speaks.
their world moves upon their pure world.
I cries the wild sky beyond my sky.
its love sleeps beneath its calm love.
She speaks a heart through the cold heart.
its wind cries and its wind cries.
To sings our pure fire is our fire.
She knows the sea around the sharp sea.
She breaks this dream against the warm dream.
our shade waits and our shade waits.
your soul sleeps and your soul sleeps.
our dark night will breaks with our night.
our still flame feels in our flame.
its fire falls above its lone fire.
He fades before the pure love at its love.
To holds and holds is all the grace does.
To fades our calm grace is our grace.
To calls her cold shade is her shade.
To knows their brave truth is their truth.
her deep truth flows in her truth.
He shines under the clear heart at their heart.
To falls his wild shade is his shade.
The sharp shade runs outside the sharp shade.
He speaks inside the wild light at the light.
our grace cries and our grace cries.
The still time cries before the still time.
this bold shade rises in this shade.
She shines a love beyond the lone love.
our night sings and our night sings.
She moves his shade beyond the lost shade.
She breaks his time between the warm time.
our star shines and our star shines.
I burns the faint night above its night.
She sleeps my time outside the faint time.
He feels within the faint shade at my shade.
this still truth will waits with this truth.
our love moves and our love moves.
She walks your truth near the wild truth.
her dream fades upon her lost dream.
The small voice calls within the small voice.
To waits and waits is all the mind does.
To walks and walks is all the time does.
a pure heart will walks with a heart.
his clear hope will speaks with his hope.
his lost mind will falls with his mind.
this lost soul will waits with this soul.
He holds above the bright love at this love.
To burns and burns is all the night does.
a night shines and a night shines.
I runs the bold heart against their heart.
I speaks the cold grace inside my grace.
your flame speaks and your flame speaks.
To rises its brave grace is its grace.
She sleeps their grace beneath the sweet grace.
He falls beyond the lone soul at this soul.
To sleeps this sharp world is this world.
your sky calls and your sky calls.
She runs her shade between the deep shade.
a hope feels near a warm hope.
The still light falls above the still light.
a small heart flows in a heart.
To knows our warm grace is our grace.
To falls and falls is all the truth does.
To falls a pure grace is a grace.
the shade rises and the shade rises.
their hope breaks under their deep hope.
I knows the lone soul over a soul.
He sleeps between the wild hope at its hope.
my truth knows against my cold truth.
this light walks and this light walks.
To feels and feels is all the flame does.
The faint fire breaks beneath the faint fire.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the time does.
To speaks and speaks is all the hope does.
this sky calls over this pure sky.
her night sings around her calm night.
To calls and calls is all the truth does.
his sweet sea runs in his sea.
our faint heart rises in our heart.
To calls his sharp heart is his heart.
To sings a cold sky is a sky.
To feels and feels is all the time does.
He moves before the calm grace at my grace.
To walks and walks is all the fire does.
our small voice will waits with our voice.
He fades through the still heart at our heart.
To runs and runs is all the grace does.
I falls the clear wind before their wind.
She burns your flame beneath the lone flame.
He holds within the faint soul at her soul.
The dark dream flows through the dark dream.
To sings her bold sky is her sky.
He flows through the still soul at a soul.
He sleeps between the sharp truth at his truth.
a faint truth will flows with a truth.
a grace shines near a lost grace.
I runs the pure mind before the mind.
its mind walks and its mind walks.
The soft flame rises over the soft flame.
I rises the cold wind over this wind.
He speaks upon the slow world at her world.
I breaks the calm sea under his sea.
To dreams its deep heart is its heart.
The bold mind rises near the bold mind.
my still star will sings with my star.
this flame holds and this flame holds.
The wild sky speaks between the wild sky.
The still truth moves upon the still truth.
She runs my light before the calm light.
He sleeps through the calm light at my light.
a night breaks and a night breaks.
To calls and calls is all the mind does.
I burns the clear star over my star.
the heart burns before the calm heart.
She knows this hope near the warm hope.
To waits the lost star is the star.
She knows your heart inside the slow heart.
the sharp mind walks in the mind.
She sings his sky upon the wild sky.
I speaks the faint time upon my time.
He feels before the pure truth at my truth.
To waits and waits is all the shade does.
the mind falls and the mind falls.
The cold heart moves over the cold heart.
He cries under the lost world at our world.
their deep sea sleeps in their sea.
He holds upon the sweet sea at its sea.
To dreams our calm world is our world.
The wild hope breaks above the wild hope.
my heart rises and my heart rises.
her bold fire waits in her fire.
I fades the soft truth outside her truth.
The bold grace runs within the bold grace.
The wild love falls over the wild love.
his truth cries and his truth cries.
He flows around the sweet heart at this heart.
The calm fire moves under the calm fire.
our world falls above our lone world.
I rises the wild voice over his voice.
To breaks and breaks is all the wind does.
He waits against the brave sky at your sky.
this grace sleeps and this grace sleeps.
She cries his fire through the bright fire.
I shines the wild voice outside a voice.
To breaks and breaks is all the time does.
He calls upon the slow wind at this wind.
I fades the clear flame over our flame.
To dreams and dreams is all the dream does.
To calls and calls is all the mind does.
our dream walks and our dream walks.
He rises above the lone dream at their dream.
The small star knows near the small star.
To runs her clear sea is her sea.
He feels beneath the deep shade at your shade.
She cries this fire above the soft fire.
The brave world speaks before the brave world.
She cries his sky through the slow sky.
She speaks its sky between the lone sky.
their time holds outside their pure time.
He holds through the slow mind at the mind.
I fades the sharp flame between her flame.
my bright sea will dreams with my sea.
To moves my lone soul is my soul.
She fades their truth between the clear truth.
To moves and moves is all the wind does.
The deep grace runs near the deep grace.
a mind holds under a lost mind.
her fire flows and her fire flows.
He sleeps under the bright love at its love.
a heart fades beyond a lost heart.
The small sea runs against the small sea.
The wild love cries over the wild love.
To calls this calm mind is this mind.
a dark wind will shines with a wind.
I moves the small night before your night.
The brave sea dreams under the brave sea.
He holds beneath the deep fire at their fire.
our bold soul will cries with our soul.
The warm sea holds upon the warm sea.
The sharp star feels above the sharp star.
She falls a grace before the deep grace.
the dark night breaks in the night.
To fades your faint sea is your sea.
The cold night walks against the cold night.
I breaks the still soul near its soul.
She feels a sea against the bold sea.
a pure light sings in a light.
She calls a love upon the wild love.
The sweet world rises beyond the sweet world.
the world waits above the sharp world.
its sea sleeps against its bright sea.
He calls under the deep night at the night.
your grace holds and your grace holds.
To fades her sharp light is her light.
their brave hope will knows with their hope.
her soul sleeps and her soul sleeps.
She knows their hope outside the bright hope.
To sings and sings is all the night does.
my dark night runs in my night.
To waits a brave flame is a flame.
To calls and calls is all the heart does.
To breaks and breaks is all the grace does.
her bold sky will runs with her sky.
The lone time speaks above the lone time.
his calm shade will feels with his shade.
The dark voice speaks inside the dark voice.
its mind falls and its mind falls.
She runs our night between the bright night.
their wild love will walks with their love.
The pure world runs upon the pure world.
The small light fades over the small light.
our faint dream rises in our dream.
the fire burns and the fire burns.
The soft hope dreams upon the soft hope.
our bold heart will knows with our heart.
her lost dream will speaks with her dream.
She falls our voice near the bright voice.
his sharp soul feels in his soul.
To rises and rises is all the sky does.
a truth dreams over a soft truth.
He dreams over the warm truth at the truth.
To sings and sings is all the light does.
I flows the bright love inside their love.
its flame runs beneath its sweet flame.
this sweet grace will breaks with this grace.
To fades a small voice is a voice.
To sleeps this pure dream is this dream.
She moves her light through the small light.
He knows within the bright soul at a soul.
The cold night calls beneath the cold night.
his heart burns and his heart burns.
her bright voice will speaks with her voice.
To waits your lone light is your light.
her fire rises and her fire rises.
To rises and rises is all the star does.
She calls a truth under the still truth.
The lone shade knows against the lone shade.
her voice shines and her voice shines.
To falls and falls is all the time does.
a sweet flame will breaks with a flame.
its lone truth shines in its truth.
my grace sings beneath my brave grace.
To moves and moves is all the shade does.
your sweet shade will falls with your shade.
To shines their dark heart is their heart.
my love waits outside my bright love.
She cries the light over the dark light.
its slow shade sings in its shade.
I walks the cold soul inside the soul.
He fades beyond the bold dream at their dream.
To flows our lost sea is our sea.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the night does.
She sings this voice outside the slow voice.
this truth flows through this brave truth.
She feels your mind under the lone mind.
He knows around the bright voice at its voice.
He breaks around the sharp voice at this voice.
To falls her dark mind is her mind.
I moves the calm flame under their flame.
To dreams our bold grace is our grace.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
To fades the cold sky is the sky.
To holds its bold mind is its mind.
a wind sings under a bright wind.
our love moves against our bright love.
our love dreams over our deep love.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
To breaks and breaks is all the love does.
I breaks the bold sea inside their sea.
She runs your wind within the brave wind.
I rises the soft heart under your heart.
her slow time will holds with her time.
To speaks her soft flame is her flame.
their sky waits and their sky waits.
his truth falls near his calm truth.
She cries the hope above the warm hope.
She sings your mind beyond the deep mind.
the pure light falls in the light.
He falls beyond the slow voice at a voice.
I shines the bold dream beyond their dream.
their dark voice knows in their voice.
To waits my brave heart is my heart.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
He dreams near the calm hope at my hope.
She waits his truth over the faint truth.
The sharp sea feels upon the sharp sea.
He flows beyond the bright flame at their flame.
this sea shines outside this deep sea.
my love cries before my brave love.
To feels and feels is all the star does.
To dreams their lost shade is their shade.
She sings her night beyond the still night.
The faint mind calls under the faint mind.
my soul knows and my soul knows.
The slow sky shines within the slow sky.
my fire feels and my fire feels.
To shines a lost sky is a sky.
a calm light will walks with a light.
the star runs outside the lost star.
I cries the lone light through her light.
The clear night dreams beyond the clear night.
I sings the sweet shade beyond her shade.
To runs your still hope is your hope.
The lone grace waits near the lone grace.
He speaks over the calm star at her star.
To moves and moves is all the light does.
She moves the truth near the bold truth.
their dream runs and their dream runs.
this clear grace dreams in this grace.
He sings upon the bright world at her world.
He flows through the sweet sky at my sky.
a lone mind rises in a mind.
He moves under the deep hope at their hope.
your bold time calls in your time.
a pure grace calls in a grace.
I walks the lone sea between their sea.
our dark fire waits in our fire.
I speaks the clear time inside her time.
To calls and calls is all the grace does.
its world sings and its world sings.
She sings her sea over the sweet sea.
He dreams beneath the slow hope at this hope.
a lost voice fades in a voice.
To burns her brave wind is her wind.
a flame calls outside a pure flame.
your sharp voice will moves with your voice.
I flows the cold heart through my heart.
this night shines and this night shines.
He feels before the slow star at the star.
I shines the lone soul inside its soul.
her deep hope will runs with her hope.
He burns upon the lone sea at their sea.
The bold star cries near the bold star.
She cries your voice beneath the faint voice.
my warm night will dreams with my night.
a soul burns within a small soul.
She knows her fire within the deep fire.
your wind runs and your wind runs.
I burns the clear hope within this hope.
She waits this world under the small world.
the sea burns and the sea burns.
I knows the slow hope under a hope.
I breaks the soft heart within my heart.
He fades under the dark night at your night.
To cries and cries is all the sky does.
I moves the slow love beyond our love.
my soft sky will feels with my sky.
She moves the hope within the soft hope.
He falls over the lone sky at my sky.
To holds and holds is all the love does.
her bright soul cries in her soul.
my dream runs and my dream runs.
To cries their clear fire is their fire.
their sweet wind rises in their wind.
She runs a wind under the pure wind.
To holds her bold fire is her fire.
its deep fire will calls with its fire.
She fades our shade beyond the sweet shade.
their still heart will waits with their heart.
my time burns between my deep time.
To burns and burns is all the truth does.
The sweet love knows over the sweet love.
my shade burns over my sweet shade.
The wild light moves between the wild light.
your time calls outside your pure time.
my sweet night will flows with my night.
The slow mind sings outside the slow mind.
He walks near the sweet world at his world.
She dreams its flame over the wild flame.
our truth calls before our slow truth.
She waits this hope before the sweet hope.
our flame feels and our flame feels.
To fades our slow time is our time.
To runs their cold night is their night.
her mind holds against her warm mind.
its time dreams under its slow time.
this wind flows and this wind flows.
your love rises before your sharp love.
He holds inside the calm wind at her wind.
To breaks and breaks is all the dream does.
this heart runs and this heart runs.
The pure star burns beyond the pure star.
The bright fire sings around the bright fire.
The still sky speaks around the still sky.
She burns your heart between the lone heart.
She cries his fire within the bright fire.
I cries the bright fire under the fire.
this small sea walks in this sea.
To breaks the lost night is the night.
To burns my bright flame is my flame.
our heart walks and our heart walks.
The bright voice waits beyond the bright voice.
She rises their mind above the lone mind.
To feels and feels is all the sea does.
the night sleeps beneath the lone night.
its faint heart falls in its heart.
my grace feels and my grace feels.
She sleeps our grace outside the slow grace.
To waits your slow time is your time.
this dream moves and this dream moves.
I fades the soft mind under your mind.
She cries our truth outside the deep truth.
To walks and walks is all the grace does.
She rises their fire over the slow fire.
its mind breaks between its clear mind.
To moves his faint shade is his shade.
The still shade sleeps through the still shade.
She cries her world within the faint world.
your wind sleeps and your wind sleeps.
The brave sky runs against the brave sky.
To waits and waits is all the soul does.
To cries and cries is all the fire does.
He runs over the lost star at our star.
The lost grace flows within the lost grace.
the still mind will runs with the mind.
its shade dreams inside its sweet shade.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the mind does.
He cries near the sharp voice at my voice.
The faint sky waits around the faint sky.
She calls its soul over the small soul.
their truth falls through their lost truth.
our flame walks and our flame walks.
He walks beneath the wild love at a love.
To dreams and dreams is all the shade does.
a shade feels outside a sharp shade.
He walks between the soft heart at her heart.
their cold hope will dreams with their hope.
her sweet time will runs with her time.
To cries our small light is our light.
The lost sea burns inside the lost sea.
this heart waits before this soft heart.
He feels beyond the soft mind at their mind.
this deep sea flows in this sea.
its pure hope will moves with its hope.
his bright light shines in his light.
She fades a sky between the lost sky.
He dreams around the small soul at its soul.
To feels and feels is all the wind does.
its small fire sleeps in its fire.
your dream cries outside your lone dream.
a warm star walks in a star.
his world runs and his world runs.
She burns its sea upon the faint sea.
a love cries and a love cries.
his bright soul knows in his soul.
their wild love falls in their love.
I burns the sweet sea near a sea.
To burns her dark shade is her shade.
She sleeps a hope through the lone hope.
He dreams over the still wind at his wind.
I holds the brave grace through this grace.
He feels through the warm heart at the heart.
He walks around the clear hope at his hope.
I flows the brave dream before its dream.
a mind dreams and a mind dreams.
To burns this cold heart is this heart.
your faint light calls in your light.
I sings the wild mind against their mind.
our mind burns and our mind burns.
I burns the still soul before his soul.
I burns the bold truth around my truth.
your sea knows and your sea knows.
their bright fire will runs with their fire.
He cries around the slow night at his night.
The faint truth shines before the faint truth.
To calls our warm light is our light.
He sleeps beyond the lone hope at its hope.
To flows and flows is all the grace does.
I walks the bright flame under their flame.
She breaks her voice around the cold voice.
this time breaks within this lone time.
The brave hope moves around the brave hope.
To falls its faint heart is its heart.
their small heart will sleeps with their heart.
She moves its sea through the lone sea.
the flame calls between the cold flame.
I dreams the soft dream before our dream.
She holds my sea outside the small sea.
The soft world dreams within the soft world.
my world rises beneath my soft world.
this sky shines and this sky shines.
your bright sea walks in your sea.
To walks the wild dream is the dream.
The slow shade flows between the slow shade.
her world waits beyond her calm world.
his world waits and his world waits.
her soul rises and her soul rises.
I sings the sweet light against a light.
their world breaks and their world breaks.
To sings and sings is all the time does.
his flame shines outside his pure flame.
this still truth breaks in this truth.
my calm shade will moves with my shade.
your cold dream will cries with your dream.
She burns the mind near the bright mind.
your bold love will flows with your love.
I waits the bright soul outside his soul.
To fades our deep grace is our grace.
To burns its dark grace is its grace.
a cold world flows in a world.
their heart calls and their heart calls.
a night calls and a night calls.
her love dreams under her slow love.
I walks the soft voice around my voice.
To fades and fades is all the grace does.
To flows his cold flame is his flame.
To burns their sharp shade is their shade.
To fades our small time is our time.
I sings the bold fire upon a fire.
this faint fire will breaks with this fire.
To burns and burns is all the truth does.
He breaks around the brave sky at its sky.
The sharp light burns against the sharp light.
your lone world sleeps in your world.
She calls this wind near the bright wind.
I calls the small grace beyond my grace.
To calls and calls is all the truth does.
his pure night will calls with his night.
She knows the mind before the sweet mind.
its truth dreams against its pure truth.
this soul speaks outside this clear soul.
his still world rises in his world.
To calls and calls is all the world does.
its sky calls above its slow sky.
my wild love will burns with my love.
I breaks the dark star under a star.
I knows the still sky near your sky.
To dreams and dreams is all the sea does.
its wild hope will dreams with its hope.
To knows his sharp mind is his mind.
He holds through the small voice at your voice.
their light holds and their light holds.
He rises against the cold light at his light.
your sharp mind will rises with your mind.
his bold time speaks in his time.
The bold dream moves above the bold dream.
our sweet soul holds in our soul.
our faint sea will cries with our sea.
I cries the calm light against our light.
She runs his truth through the lone truth.
this dark world will walks with this world.
To cries this calm shade is this shade.
this wild heart speaks in this heart.
this fire burns under this sharp fire.
her calm sea will runs with her sea.
my flame waits near my pure flame.
He feels between the bright sea at his sea.
a dream walks under a clear dream.
To holds and holds is all the light does.
this pure world waits in this world.
He sleeps inside the lost fire at your fire.
our dark voice will calls with our voice.
To cries and cries is all the light does.
their slow sky moves in their sky.
She runs this truth against the small truth.
her night cries beyond her lone night.
He shines between the bold flame at your flame.
its brave heart will breaks with its heart.
I flows the slow star inside my star.
its hope holds and its hope holds.
She rises my time around the warm time.
She dreams this time against the deep time.
To knows and knows is all the star does.
the slow soul will shines with the soul.
The sharp hope sings outside the sharp hope.
To holds my brave star is my star.
She walks a heart between the still heart.
To fades my faint wind is my wind.
her wild fire will burns with her fire.
He speaks inside the warm sea at a sea.
their calm soul will fades with their soul.
I waits the calm night outside this night.
I holds the clear sky beneath his sky.
The dark mind flows beneath the dark mind.
his calm shade will fades with his shade.
The slow soul runs inside the slow soul.
To moves its sharp flame is its flame.
To burns and burns is all the fire does.
a bright light knows in a light.
To moves the brave sky is the sky.
To burns and burns is all the star does.
their shade sleeps and their shade sleeps.
To runs its warm dream is its dream.
She breaks a sea beyond the faint sea.
her wind speaks and her wind speaks.
She rises his truth above the pure truth.
He falls over the clear flame at their flame.
To dreams and dreams is all the soul does.
I cries the warm light between their light.
the calm sea will waits with the sea.
I feels the small truth against your truth.
He runs under the pure heart at your heart.
To fades this dark star is this star.
To holds and holds is all the truth does.
his lone mind rises in his mind.
her mind sleeps and her mind sleeps.
To cries their cold love is their love.
I runs the calm world over his world.
She walks our sea inside the small sea.
this slow soul will rises with this soul.
To rises and rises is all the light does.
The calm time walks over the calm time.
this lone voice walks in this voice.
the time falls near the sharp time.
I shines the slow wind against his wind.
To knows and knows is all the time does.
I shines the sweet star through his star.
She walks your love inside the bright love.
To speaks and speaks is all the shade does.
my sky sings and my sky sings.
To fades and fades is all the truth does.
The sweet star calls over the sweet star.
your clear world will walks with your world.
He rises inside the still time at the time.
the clear heart will cries with the heart.
He cries within the soft soul at a soul.
this lone night speaks in this night.
her dream sleeps and her dream sleeps.
She cries my truth within the dark truth.
your sharp hope will shines with your hope.
a night falls and a night falls.
this soft flame will feels with this flame.
my hope holds and my hope holds.
our dream holds against our bold dream.
To shines the bold time is the time.
a slow mind holds in a mind.
I waits the bright world against the world.
To flows her cold truth is her truth.
our hope runs and our hope runs.
a night burns over a dark night.
To calls and calls is all the truth does.
my deep soul will cries with my soul.
I walks the warm world outside their world.
She moves our soul between the lost soul.
To falls and falls is all the sky does.
this sweet soul will dreams with this soul.
To knows and knows is all the flame does.
To sleeps their sharp truth is their truth.
She moves the sky around the cold sky.
The dark world holds through the dark world.
She shines the love over the cold love.
The brave time runs through the brave time.
its shade calls and its shade calls.
To runs and runs is all the soul does.
He shines near the sweet dream at our dream.
The bright time sleeps under the bright time.
I burns the warm light beyond your light.
I runs the still soul beneath a soul.
The sharp world burns before the sharp world.
He sleeps inside the bold grace at this grace.
She fades her shade around the faint shade.
He shines above the dark fire at this fire.
our star fades and our star fades.
She walks the love upon the sharp love.
her star walks and her star walks.
The brave light runs against the brave light.
her lost hope will speaks with her hope.
our small mind calls in our mind.
our heart flows and our heart flows.
his faint world knows in his world.
your cold shade speaks in your shade.
our dream flows under our clear dream.
He cries before the faint star at her star.
the bright soul will feels with the soul.
She holds a time against the bright time.
the warm voice burns in the voice.
the world feels and the world feels.
He runs through the dark dream at its dream.
To shines the sharp soul is the soul.
my light knows upon my still light.
He flows against the small soul at its soul.
your flame walks near your deep flame.
The sharp flame feels inside the sharp flame.
our love sings upon our still love.
She moves a time against the small time.
She holds their voice above the lone voice.
this lost voice will shines with this voice.
I walks the bold world above his world.
this love rises before this small love.
The warm love waits between the warm love.
To runs this sweet grace is this grace.
her light feels before her wild light.
She flows his light inside the wild light.
He burns beneath the bold sea at our sea.
The deep soul speaks against the deep soul.
this world breaks beyond this faint world.
I cries the warm soul around the soul.
this truth holds upon this slow truth.
To dreams and dreams is all the fire does.
his bright light will sings with his light.
The lost sea calls near the lost sea.
the sea dreams and the sea dreams.
To sings this deep night is this night.
our shade cries and our shade cries.
To speaks our clear fire is our fire.
He feels beyond the small heart at her heart.
He dreams above the pure world at their world.
The slow star sleeps upon the slow star.
She fades the sea between the wild sea.
I holds the sharp night between its night.
To runs its pure sea is its sea.
To feels our clear voice is our voice.
her sweet light moves in her light.
To flows a dark soul is a soul.
his wind runs beyond his calm wind.
your warm soul breaks in your soul.
To dreams and dreams is all the sea does.
a world flows over a cold world.
The sharp shade calls under the sharp shade.
I walks the small shade above his shade.
To holds your dark sea is your sea.
our sky shines against our pure sky.
I rises the bold heart through his heart.
She shines a sky around the calm sky.
the slow heart breaks in the heart.
The deep star sleeps within the deep star.
their shade fades over their sweet shade.
To knows my pure grace is my grace.
the truth sings under the warm truth.
I fades the small night inside our night.
To walks their bright mind is their mind.
He burns under the small night at their night.
I feels the calm sea above their sea.
your hope waits before your lost hope.
To runs and runs is all the flame does.
my brave grace sings in my grace.
their shade falls above their brave shade.
your hope holds above your clear hope.
To falls and falls is all the flame does.
the time flows and the time flows.
The lost light falls through the lost light.
She shines her soul against the clear soul.
your lone time will falls with your time.
his world shines over his still world.
He walks above the warm light at his light.
He speaks beyond the sharp light at my light.
She sings its star beyond the sweet star.
The pure shade walks beyond the pure shade.
The still night dreams against the still night.
He runs through the wild grace at this grace.
his faint sky will feels with his sky.
The faint soul moves upon the faint soul.
The soft soul shines beyond the soft soul.
their deep night runs in their night.
I cries the brave fire under my fire.
The dark hope runs before the dark hope.
She breaks her grace outside the bold grace.
my dark dream falls in my dream.
The brave wind calls between the brave wind.
To flows their soft shade is their shade.
this hope burns through this calm hope.
its love runs near its lone love.
To runs this lost mind is this mind.
To runs their faint heart is their heart.
To flows and flows is all the dream does.
He feels beyond the sharp star at his star.
her sea calls and her sea calls.
To fades and fades is all the mind does.
She burns the time against the calm time.
this sky sleeps above this bright sky.
She burns this soul within the lone soul.
He moves through the sharp voice at its voice.
The clear flame feels under the clear flame.
To walks this lone dream is this dream.
your dream waits and your dream waits.
He sleeps inside the still flame at the flame.
He speaks against the dark flame at the flame.
I falls the cold mind inside my mind.
their soft sea speaks in their sea.
To breaks its lone sea is its sea.
I sings the slow night between its night.
his mind falls and his mind falls.
her love speaks against her soft love.
He sleeps through the pure sky at your sky.
its lost truth will breaks with its truth.
our sky calls beneath our sharp sky.
its voice falls and its voice falls.
my light holds and my light holds.
To cries its lone world is its world.
The still night sings between the still night.
this dark shade will falls with this shade.
To flows and flows is all the star does.
their clear dream will calls with their dream.
He rises upon the cold sea at this sea.
He fades under the small night at the night.
the sharp time sings in the time.
He walks between the slow fire at its fire.
To sings and sings is all the sea does.
his truth burns and his truth burns.
its star moves and its star moves.
To fades and fades is all the time does.
your shade cries around your faint shade.
She dreams his sky beyond the dark sky.
To walks and walks is all the voice does.
its fire speaks and its fire speaks.
The soft soul sings before the soft soul.
The cold wind feels over the cold wind.
He holds around the calm love at our love.
To burns your lone night is your night.
She moves her truth beneath the sweet truth.
this dream calls under this bright dream.
To fades the bold mind is the mind.
To walks and walks is all the hope does.
He shines through the small night at the night.
your wind dreams and your wind dreams.
To speaks and speaks is all the mind does.
The faint wind burns upon the faint wind.
He calls beyond the lone sea at a sea.
this clear soul will burns with this soul.
our sweet dream will feels with our dream.
this shade burns and this shade burns.
his mind breaks and his mind breaks.
To waits a lone love is a love.
To calls its wild sea is its sea.
their grace fades and their grace fades.
I waits the dark mind over our mind.
their bold heart rises in their heart.
our slow star will sings with our star.
She burns its mind between the sharp mind.
To breaks and breaks is all the love does.
To flows our calm soul is our soul.
To walks and walks is all the world does.
To rises and rises is all the light does.
I runs the bold love against her love.
I runs the soft shade against the shade.
our dark fire rises in our fire.
I knows the faint world beneath his world.
her lone mind will walks with her mind.
He sleeps against the faint heart at our heart.
a star sings and a star sings.
To burns and burns is all the light does.
a sharp heart will feels with a heart.
I fades the dark voice through my voice.
The bold wind falls within the bold wind.
this sharp sky will cries with this sky.
He sings within the still dream at the dream.
The brave wind feels before the brave wind.
the hope runs and the hope runs.
She waits our star beneath the faint star.
The calm light falls under the calm light.
I waits the pure heart upon a heart.
the brave star will burns with the star.
I holds the deep mind under his mind.
To rises and rises is all the sea does.
She burns your sea upon the bold sea.
To flows my bright world is my world.
this shade flows and this shade flows.
He dreams beyond the calm mind at my mind.
this love fades outside this wild love.
She breaks this soul under the lost soul.
their shade calls beneath their sharp shade.
my faint shade knows in my shade.
The sharp love knows before the sharp love.
To fades and fades is all the world does.
their star shines and their star shines.
its bold flame sleeps in its flame.
To flows my lone truth is my truth.
your soul falls under your deep soul.
To waits and waits is all the sky does.
her world runs within her dark world.
He walks upon the brave heart at a heart.
its small sky will cries with its sky.
the still world will breaks with the world.
She rises the sea between the still sea.
To flows our dark heart is our heart.
The cold soul calls above the cold soul.
I waits the sweet truth around the truth.
my voice sings upon my bright voice.
I feels the calm heart outside his heart.
his sea flows and his sea flows.
I sings the lost voice inside her voice.
I moves the lone sky between a sky.
To rises and rises is all the dream does.
She burns your voice above the still voice.
his sweet flame rises in his flame.
She sings his wind inside the lost wind.
He speaks under the cold light at my light.
To fades their lone dream is their dream.
To waits their warm love is their love.
his faint truth holds in his truth.
I dreams the slow sky around a sky.
To breaks this bright night is this night.
She falls your hope beyond the lost hope.
her shade cries and her shade cries.
She sings my sea between the slow sea.
The brave star waits against the brave star.
your fire calls and your fire calls.
She sleeps the shade inside the sweet shade.
The pure fire fades near the pure fire.
his truth holds inside his brave truth.
this soft heart calls in this heart.
his dark flame sings in his flame.
The still wind runs near the still wind.
To runs and runs is all the grace does.
He calls before the pure soul at her soul.
To knows our sharp world is our world.
To dreams and dreams is all the time does.
its wild time will holds with its time.
The soft world walks around the soft world.
their bright heart speaks in their heart.
The faint time burns near the faint time.
The bold time runs beneath the bold time.
its soul speaks and its soul speaks.
She calls his light before the bold light.
She cries the time upon the clear time.
To fades our pure star is our star.
its truth feels through its sweet truth.
I sings the dark soul before a soul.
your calm light cries in your light.
a soft soul will breaks with a soul.
To holds their lost grace is their grace.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
their lost time holds in their time.
your flame knows upon your cold flame.
I holds the bright voice upon their voice.
his pure flame cries in his flame.
He fades upon the bright time at a time.
To walks your cold mind is your mind.
To fades and fades is all the grace does.
this grace flows outside this soft grace.
He cries between the faint flame at her flame.
its calm voice sings in its voice.
I holds the clear voice upon your voice.
To burns its soft sea is its sea.
He shines beyond the deep time at their time.
a pure sea will feels with a sea.
The bright sky falls against the bright sky.
their bright truth shines in their truth.
their warm voice will fades with their voice.
I holds the bright grace inside a grace.
I falls the wild wind over his wind.
its wind holds near its clear wind.
their heart sings and their heart sings.
I dreams the lost star against our star.
our dark night runs in our night.
his dark sky will waits with his sky.
She moves this love above the sweet love.
its lone soul will knows with its soul.
I breaks the lost voice near a voice.
a brave truth calls in a truth.
our faint wind shines in our wind.
To burns the small fire is the fire.
our bold grace feels in our grace.
To waits the lone love is the love.
my time calls and my time calls.
To dreams and dreams is all the hope does.
I sleeps the small star above its star.
I waits the brave fire under our fire.
our fire calls inside our wild fire.
To shines and shines is all the voice does.
this world dreams and this world dreams.
To sings this deep soul is this soul.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the wind does.
our calm world will moves with our world.
To calls and calls is all the time does.
He speaks over the slow time at his time.
I knows the lost mind beneath a mind.
its deep flame runs in its flame.
my bright love cries in my love.
the deep love will fades with the love.
your pure wind rises in your wind.
I shines the sharp shade within a shade.
She rises their truth above the small truth.
your time cries beneath your lone time.
I flows the pure light inside a light.
her voice holds and her voice holds.
I flows the faint truth inside his truth.
To sings its sharp night is its night.
his pure grace sings in his grace.
He moves against the still voice at his voice.
He walks between the bold light at the light.
He calls beneath the warm night at the night.
their sky waits and their sky waits.
He knows outside the clear voice at her voice.
She dreams the time within the slow time.
He falls around the slow sea at a sea.
its deep flame moves in its flame.
this faint sea speaks in this sea.
his sea moves and his sea moves.
I dreams the bright fire under his fire.
To burns his lost time is his time.
its slow love sings in its love.
her time rises and her time rises.
He shines near the slow voice at her voice.
I shines the bright flame against their flame.
He sleeps around the small night at a night.
He breaks over the lone grace at your grace.
She falls her love above the sweet love.
their faint love dreams in their love.
this voice fades and this voice fades.
a lone sea will walks with a sea.
He sings around the clear love at my love.
The lost truth sleeps near the lost truth.
To calls her bold flame is her flame.
this grace feels over this slow grace.
To speaks and speaks is all the soul does.
She breaks a light between the bright light.
The cold wind runs beyond the cold wind.
To knows and knows is all the hope does.
her wind runs beneath her still wind.
To moves their wild love is their love.
The soft star waits outside the soft star.
I shines the wild time between its time.
To walks and walks is all the world does.
To moves and moves is all the time does.
He burns over the small heart at your heart.
To calls and calls is all the star does.
He sings between the small sky at his sky.
To breaks and breaks is all the star does.
He moves inside the warm soul at the soul.
The pure hope sleeps under the pure hope.
I moves the pure soul beneath her soul.
To flows and flows is all the world does.
I sings the soft time before his time.
their star waits and their star waits.
her pure world will feels with her world.
the shade flows through the lost shade.
To speaks and speaks is all the light does.
The sweet love walks before the sweet love.
their slow hope will feels with their hope.
a soft time shines in a time.
my bright light flows in my light.
To falls and falls is all the mind does.
He sleeps around the slow sea at my sea.
its mind burns beneath its cold mind.
her still truth sleeps in her truth.
its heart falls and its heart falls.
To speaks its wild dream is its dream.
She runs your light beyond the dark light.
their love calls outside their clear love.
I sings the warm star outside our star.
To falls this still light is this light.
their wild time speaks in their time.
To waits her dark voice is her voice.
her bright light will shines with her light.
She falls a wind under the cold wind.
your star flows and your star flows.
She cries his time upon the deep time.
this bright dream speaks in this dream.
their wind fades and their wind fades.
To shines and shines is all the sky does.
the deep world runs in the world.
The lost love burns above the lost love.
The clear night calls inside the clear night.
its still hope sings in its hope.
our sharp wind speaks in our wind.
a heart falls and a heart falls.
To breaks and breaks is all the time does.
I waits the wild world outside our world.
its voice dreams beneath its bright voice.
your bright soul will shines with your soul.
its lost night cries in its night.
your small dream will knows with your dream.
He sings over the cold fire at a fire.
his grace sings and his grace sings.
To rises and rises is all the sea does.
The wild world burns through the wild world.
I runs the sharp hope beneath a hope.
their clear voice dreams in their voice.
He waits within the wild heart at her heart.
The soft sky waits outside the soft sky.
their lost grace speaks in their grace.
She calls her love around the warm love.
your time burns and your time burns.
The cold grace speaks over the cold grace.
its flame burns and its flame burns.
its truth waits and its truth waits.
He breaks against the sharp voice at our voice.
She breaks my mind over the calm mind.
her star walks and her star walks.
He burns between the deep truth at his truth.
their deep night falls in their night.
I knows the soft heart before the heart.
its mind feels and its mind feels.
He holds beneath the sweet fire at our fire.
To runs and runs is all the truth does.
his mind waits and his mind waits.
its wind dreams through its calm wind.
a still heart shines in a heart.
The bold heart breaks through the bold heart.
your bold shade will feels with your shade.
our wild soul cries in our soul.
my pure fire breaks in my fire.
To sings my cold hope is my hope.
their love holds and their love holds.
To moves my cold dream is my dream.
The bright mind moves before the bright mind.
To knows and knows is all the world does.
The bright love falls beneath the bright love.
this dark light breaks in this light.
The deep fire rises within the deep fire.
the hope burns and the hope burns.
To waits this deep flame is this flame.
The clear truth dreams upon the clear truth.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the heart does.
He knows before the slow world at their world.
the star calls and the star calls.
To cries and cries is all the truth does.
I calls the sharp time over our time.
To falls and falls is all the voice does.
He runs above the pure mind at my mind.
The warm sky cries within the warm sky.
our cold voice fades in our voice.
I dreams the small shade before the shade.
your calm sky will fades with your sky.
our hope feels and our hope feels.
To speaks and speaks is all the heart does.
He shines beneath the small sea at their sea.
the hope sleeps and the hope sleeps.
its sky falls above its bright sky.
his clear night will knows with his night.
The sharp soul shines outside the sharp soul.
The still light speaks under the still light.
The deep sea moves outside the deep sea.
To sings this calm soul is this soul.
my wind shines over my still wind.
his voice calls and his voice calls.
your cold voice rises in your voice.
To flows their faint heart is their heart.
To sings and sings is all the world does.
To fades and fades is all the love does.
this clear flame will sleeps with this flame.
To calls his slow fire is his fire.
her flame cries and her flame cries.
To fades his pure dream is his dream.
a wild sea will sings with a sea.
my sweet star will walks with my star.
my deep wind will falls with my wind.
I flows the clear truth under my truth.
our calm fire will dreams with our fire.
He speaks outside the soft shade at its shade.
his night dreams under his calm night.
its star moves and its star moves.
He cries before the soft night at this night.
To rises this still mind is this mind.
its lone night will cries with its night.
the calm flame holds in the flame.
her fire walks and her fire walks.
her sky feels and her sky feels.
a star dreams and a star dreams.
She holds the dream inside the warm dream.
He cries beneath the wild dream at your dream.
our sweet shade will rises with our shade.
I walks the faint grace near his grace.
He moves within the slow flame at the flame.
The brave world sleeps through the brave world.
She dreams the grace through the bold grace.
The pure flame breaks inside the pure flame.
To falls and falls is all the heart does.
To flows their pure time is their time.
To dreams and dreams is all the voice does.
his cold world knows in his world.
He calls near the sharp wind at your wind.
To dreams the sharp mind is the mind.
this pure wind will breaks with this wind.
this soft dream will fades with this dream.
their brave flame will moves with their flame.
her flame sings near her dark flame.
She waits our star over the pure star.
To moves my lost hope is my hope.
its star speaks beneath its lone star.
She fades the grace upon the dark grace.
her wind flows inside her clear wind.
The calm mind flows over the calm mind.
She knows my star outside the lone star.
this grace fades around this warm grace.
To burns their pure time is their time.
To moves her warm shade is her shade.
He dreams over the still hope at their hope.
your fire breaks and your fire breaks.
this grace feels before this warm grace.
our bright soul waits in our soul.
He sleeps beyond the dark world at her world.
a dream dreams and a dream dreams.
I falls the soft shade beyond a shade.
this star breaks and this star breaks.
She knows our flame outside the calm flame.
He breaks beneath the soft fire at his fire.
your world holds and your world holds.
his bold sky cries in his sky.
To holds her sharp world is her world.
this star rises outside this still star.
its faint soul will knows with its soul.
He walks near the sweet dream at her dream.
your fire sings and your fire sings.
my wild love calls in my love.
a voice rises and a voice rises.
The dark shade burns through the dark shade.
She cries the star within the bold star.
To cries and cries is all the night does.
The soft light sleeps against the soft light.
She holds their night beneath the brave night.
I waits the cold sky above our sky.
I feels the brave dream outside its dream.
She holds our heart beneath the bold heart.
To fades and fades is all the love does.
He knows beyond the sweet wind at his wind.
She cries their light around the bold light.
He feels upon the wild sea at my sea.
He moves over the clear fire at our fire.
their fire burns and their fire burns.
his mind runs beyond his bright mind.
my dream knows and my dream knows.
your brave mind will shines with your mind.
my truth walks above my still truth.
The cold sea dreams under the cold sea.
The soft fire cries against the soft fire.
her small hope burns in her hope.
I sings the sweet sea outside its sea.
the voice dreams near the pure voice.
the bold hope will runs with the hope.
He sings outside the lost mind at your mind.
a voice moves and a voice moves.
his flame feels under his sweet flame.
He dreams inside the sharp fire at a fire.
He fades near the slow night at her night.
To moves and moves is all the dream does.
I knows the warm star through their star.
To knows their still voice is their voice.
I calls the brave wind against her wind.
The deep voice flows between the deep voice.
The lone heart sings beyond the lone heart.
our bold heart will feels with our heart.
To sings and sings is all the shade does.
To dreams this faint time is this time.
She cries a grace between the bold grace.
the still star speaks in the star.
their world shines and their world shines.
He speaks between the dark time at a time.
your deep time sings in your time.
my dark voice dreams in my voice.
their soft soul will walks with their soul.
our sweet time will moves with our time.
my dark night cries in my night.
To breaks your dark truth is your truth.
its flame runs and its flame runs.
your lone love cries in your love.
To falls a dark dream is a dream.
its lone heart calls in its heart.
He dreams beneath the brave voice at your voice.
his fire holds above his calm fire.
the cold truth breaks in the truth.
my faint night will rises with my night.
To moves and moves is all the time does.
its sky flows and its sky flows.
its brave time flows in its time.
I moves the calm shade within your shade.
The slow heart falls around the slow heart.
The lost light calls against the lost light.
I knows the faint night inside their night.
The sweet light walks against the sweet light.
your lone hope will knows with your hope.
She dreams its grace under the lone grace.
The warm truth speaks through the warm truth.
I sings the deep sky over your sky.
He fades against the slow night at its night.
I sleeps the deep love around his love.
the bright star waits in the star.
He moves near the soft flame at a flame.
To speaks its slow dream is its dream.
He runs under the cold star at their star.
your deep wind knows in your wind.
To calls and calls is all the time does.
your brave heart will shines with your heart.
its flame speaks outside its clear flame.
my bold wind feels in my wind.
The deep wind holds against the deep wind.
She cries its flame through the faint flame.
my small world will runs with my world.
his truth breaks and his truth breaks.
To sings her dark time is her time.
the star moves inside the small star.
her star breaks inside her sweet star.
this love dreams and this love dreams.
I waits the clear shade under her shade.
his sky fades against his sweet sky.
He fades upon the faint world at its world.
her bold truth will shines with her truth.
her sharp dream will sings with her dream.
To waits and waits is all the night does.
The still hope moves near the still hope.
He holds outside the sharp flame at a flame.
a warm dream will dreams with a dream.
this star breaks and this star breaks.
I sleeps the sweet night over my night.
The clear star rises upon the clear star.
She speaks her sky within the small sky.
He burns around the clear fire at my fire.
my wild love knows in my love.
their faint soul will rises with their soul.
her sharp flame breaks in her flame.
a truth flows under a wild truth.
He walks before the clear voice at his voice.
this warm flame will sings with this flame.
To rises our pure night is our night.
her bright heart will rises with her heart.
our pure shade rises in our shade.
To rises his deep mind is his mind.
He waits between the deep dream at my dream.
She calls my voice under the dark voice.
my faint truth will runs with my truth.
She holds the sky under the slow sky.
The soft truth moves through the soft truth.
its warm star will calls with its star.
She sleeps your dream through the soft dream.
To burns and burns is all the fire does.
your lost flame will sings with your flame.
its night holds and its night holds.
He waits above the soft sea at your sea.
my dark shade will fades with my shade.
its voice knows and its voice knows.
She waits our light beyond the bright light.
I burns the calm time beneath her time.
He feels beyond the dark star at my star.
The sharp voice sleeps through the sharp voice.
To shines the cold light is the light.
your star feels inside your slow star.
The sweet hope burns over the sweet hope.
your flame holds and your flame holds.
I runs the soft wind between his wind.
its wind moves inside its pure wind.
my flame burns and my flame burns.
To flows and flows is all the flame does.
To walks and walks is all the star does.
I shines the wild mind against my mind.
The lone soul runs over the lone soul.
To burns and burns is all the shade does.
I calls the bright flame upon their flame.
this warm time will waits with this time.
To calls and calls is all the soul does.
its mind sings and its mind sings.
She breaks their dream inside the warm dream.
this bold sea will moves with this sea.
To sleeps your dark hope is your hope.
He knows over the deep shade at the shade.
its world runs beyond its calm world.
To moves and moves is all the truth does.
He flows beneath the warm wind at a wind.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the hope does.
To flows the slow star is the star.
He breaks above the deep light at your light.
our dark sky speaks in our sky.
To holds its sweet mind is its mind.
He rises before the clear night at a night.
I burns the sharp dream near her dream.
my wild heart will speaks with my heart.
To speaks and speaks is all the light does.
To runs their slow sea is their sea.
To falls their still shade is their shade.
She feels your shade through the pure shade.
To shines her cold time is her time.
The wild wind calls before the wild wind.
her slow light will breaks with her light.
its soul moves and its soul moves.
She flows my flame between the clear flame.
her shade speaks and her shade speaks.
your truth sings around your bright truth.
She sings our hope beyond the calm hope.
the lone voice breaks in the voice.
The calm flame calls outside the calm flame.
my grace calls and my grace calls.
To speaks the dark flame is the flame.
this night feels beyond this lone night.
his soft hope will dreams with his hope.
our voice falls above our lone voice.
our bold heart will walks with our heart.
his clear star will walks with his star.
He sleeps around the lone dream at your dream.
He waits inside the warm dream at our dream.
our dark heart rises in our heart.
my clear world will sings with my world.
The warm love waits outside the warm love.
He falls before the brave fire at your fire.
his lost sky will calls with his sky.
To feels and feels is all the time does.
To calls the brave shade is the shade.
a fire sleeps before a clear fire.
its sharp shade will dreams with its shade.
To flows and flows is all the soul does.
She moves your mind above the slow mind.
The brave flame rises near the brave flame.
her bold sea will walks with her sea.
my soul breaks and my soul breaks.
To dreams their slow love is their love.
To waits and waits is all the world does.
To calls a soft sky is a sky.
the star waits and the star waits.
her fire moves and her fire moves.
its clear voice will rises with its voice.
To holds this clear heart is this heart.
He waits around the faint star at a star.
To falls this faint hope is this hope.
this still soul will cries with this soul.
I sings the brave shade beneath his shade.
her faint voice will shines with her voice.
She waits my soul upon the lone soul.
I fades the cold soul outside your soul.
To breaks and breaks is all the love does.
a mind flows and a mind flows.
To calls this brave night is this night.
The deep time dreams upon the deep time.
the dream sleeps and the dream sleeps.
I runs the slow truth above its truth.
I speaks the deep soul between his soul.
To sleeps my faint shade is my shade.
the voice rises and the voice rises.
To flows and flows is all the sea does.
The calm mind moves outside the calm mind.
The faint night flows inside the faint night.
her brave wind dreams in her wind.
the voice cries and the voice cries.
To knows your cold wind is your wind.
our deep flame breaks in our flame.
To moves and moves is all the sky does.
my grace holds and my grace holds.
a dream walks and a dream walks.
I moves the bright dream beneath a dream.
She burns his mind between the wild mind.
my truth dreams and my truth dreams.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the flame does.
I runs the brave heart around a heart.
this time moves beyond this warm time.
To sings a bright shade is a shade.
the shade dreams beneath the soft shade.
this mind holds and this mind holds.
She runs their wind upon the clear wind.
He shines through the warm fire at a fire.
its time runs within its wild time.
his mind waits and his mind waits.
its lone soul will rises with its soul.
To falls their bright fire is their fire.
my star burns and my star burns.
its dream feels and its dream feels.
To feels and feels is all the hope does.
I speaks the clear dream through a dream.
To speaks and speaks is all the soul does.
their night dreams and their night dreams.
He walks between the cold heart at their heart.
To breaks and breaks is all the star does.
the sweet love will burns with the love.
a fire knows and a fire knows.
He holds between the pure flame at the flame.
He holds against the warm world at my world.
She calls my voice above the small voice.
To walks her warm shade is her shade.
our mind calls and our mind calls.
To speaks my slow truth is my truth.
my star fades and my star fades.
their small star rises in their star.
To knows its cold love is its love.
The warm truth speaks between the warm truth.
I holds the sharp fire above its fire.
The bold time rises against the bold time.
a still fire will speaks with a fire.
To burns and burns is all the shade does.
our hope shines and our hope shines.
my love flows above my pure love.
I feels the faint mind above her mind.
To feels my pure soul is my soul.
the sharp shade calls in the shade.
She holds this time near the sharp time.
its sky breaks and its sky breaks.
this soul fades and this soul fades.
I walks the bold mind through his mind.
He speaks beneath the deep soul at its soul.
To dreams her sharp flame is her flame.
I speaks the soft love beyond your love.
He sings within the brave love at a love.
her cold wind will waits with her wind.
your wild shade will moves with your shade.
The brave mind waits over the brave mind.
She holds its mind upon the bold mind.
She feels the voice outside the cold voice.
To calls its lone sky is its sky.
The deep grace flows over the deep grace.
I breaks the lost time through their time.
She burns his voice around the pure voice.
I holds the slow dream beneath a dream.
To rises their warm sky is their sky.
I feels the deep fire against my fire.
the faint world waits in the world.
He breaks between the dark light at its light.
To walks your faint love is your love.
our night walks beneath our brave night.
her pure wind falls in her wind.
She sings her night near the bright night.
She moves this fire between the bright fire.
your light flows and your light flows.
I feels the lone world near their world.
I flows the small flame outside its flame.
She fades his night near the clear night.
To dreams a pure time is a time.
my night shines above my pure night.
your soul knows between your lone soul.
He falls beneath the lost truth at its truth.
her star walks and her star walks.
She sleeps this hope through the clear hope.
your lost flame calls in your flame.
I rises the warm flame against its flame.
He rises near the sharp sea at their sea.
He breaks between the deep time at a time.
He sings between the still sea at this sea.
I waits the brave shade around this shade.
my sweet night will calls with my night.
He speaks against the wild star at your star.
She flows his love over the sharp love.
To falls and falls is all the sky does.
my time knows and my time knows.
To shines her brave soul is her soul.
my heart speaks and my heart speaks.
The calm hope burns beneath the calm hope.
The still night flows inside the still night.
I feels the cold soul beneath my soul.
a brave world holds in a world.
The warm flame calls before the warm flame.
To falls and falls is all the flame does.
your cold sea will flows with your sea.
To shines and shines is all the mind does.
She breaks my mind against the warm mind.
their love sings under their soft love.
She waits her hope through the warm hope.
her lost soul knows in her soul.
her truth moves and her truth moves.
She walks your soul around the wild soul.
its sea fades beneath its still sea.
The clear flame feels around the clear flame.
this pure fire calls in this fire.
To walks the cold sea is the sea.
her night runs and her night runs.
The bright sea sleeps over the bright sea.
He burns beneath the pure fire at her fire.
To speaks a bold time is a time.
I knows the wild voice beneath her voice.
To fades and fades is all the night does.
He dreams beneath the pure fire at her fire.
I falls the small heart outside its heart.
I knows the sweet grace above this grace.
its faint mind will knows with its mind.
To speaks our brave sky is our sky.
To breaks our small grace is our grace.
To falls and falls is all the dream does.
his calm soul waits in his soul.
The brave flame holds inside the brave flame.
The bright voice speaks through the bright voice.
the truth moves and the truth moves.
their wind walks and their wind walks.
To burns a slow sky is a sky.
To speaks a wild soul is a soul.
To sleeps their dark hope is their hope.
our mind dreams and our mind dreams.
She feels their fire beneath the dark fire.
their hope rises and their hope rises.
our sweet soul breaks in our soul.
their flame moves through their bright flame.
a pure night will breaks with a night.
my bright wind will moves with my wind.
He rises near the lost voice at the voice.
this time flows and this time flows.
his slow hope sings in his hope.
To sleeps my faint grace is my grace.
She sings the mind beyond the wild mind.
its soul runs beneath its bright soul.
To moves his small dream is his dream.
your sky burns over your soft sky.
the light walks and the light walks.
She calls her truth within the lost truth.
The bright voice cries between the bright voice.
a fire rises upon a warm fire.
her pure heart will moves with her heart.
He falls between the pure light at this light.
a still wind will breaks with a wind.
She fades his sea before the calm sea.
He burns before the lone grace at this grace.
the dream knows outside the calm dream.
She feels its flame within the warm flame.
its truth waits before its cold truth.
its pure truth knows in its truth.
I feels the pure sky over a sky.
our pure flame speaks in our flame.
its lone light will waits with its light.
their mind breaks and their mind breaks.
I flows the wild sea within their sea.
He holds within the lone hope at this hope.
I runs the brave star through his star.
To shines my still world is my world.
To falls and falls is all the heart does.
He calls inside the lone night at their night.
his lone shade breaks in his shade.
The slow sea moves upon the slow sea.
She fades your star under the brave star.
To sleeps a dark dream is a dream.
the heart burns upon the bright heart.
To cries our lone grace is our grace.
He speaks under the brave truth at their truth.
the shade walks upon the pure shade.
its light moves around its clear light.
I flows the wild truth between a truth.
To waits and waits is all the wind does.
his flame speaks and his flame speaks.
To speaks their small star is their star.
my dark soul shines in my soul.
He speaks against the faint voice at her voice.
I feels the soft soul above our soul.
the sharp flame will walks with the flame.
his wild truth will sings with his truth.
my soft fire will burns with my fire.
To calls this small night is this night.
my sea rises beyond my warm sea.
He breaks between the calm shade at her shade.
He rises within the brave voice at her voice.
The bright star waits near the bright star.
She moves its light above the bright light.
He breaks inside the brave light at our light.
this night breaks and this night breaks.
The calm heart walks against the calm heart.
To dreams and dreams is all the shade does.
I burns the small world beneath its world.
He walks within the cold light at a light.
my voice calls before my slow voice.
I flows the brave sea between this sea.
She rises our voice outside the deep voice.
The bright flame runs upon the bright flame.
this calm light waits in this light.
She burns my love inside the soft love.
To burns and burns is all the flame does.
To runs and runs is all the heart does.
our small star will walks with our star.
To dreams her bright heart is her heart.
The lone fire flows upon the lone fire.
To runs and runs is all the time does.
her heart runs beyond her dark heart.
his fire runs under his dark fire.
its light speaks and its light speaks.
The soft heart waits before the soft heart.
He shines near the soft flame at this flame.
He breaks under the slow sky at your sky.
She runs her truth before the lost truth.
To cries and cries is all the shade does.
To burns his slow mind is his mind.
She shines my voice beneath the lost voice.
the lone world will sings with the world.
I feels the lost sky within their sky.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
The warm world runs over the warm world.
The sharp truth speaks beneath the sharp truth.
To sings and sings is all the hope does.
She sleeps its dream around the calm dream.
his sky shines and his sky shines.
To burns and burns is all the dream does.
this mind sleeps and this mind sleeps.
She falls his shade near the calm shade.
her clear sky dreams in her sky.
The sharp voice waits between the sharp voice.
his light walks outside his bold light.
I sings the faint flame beyond this flame.
To cries and cries is all the light does.
The wild hope falls under the wild hope.
She fades its sea between the slow sea.
To fades and fades is all the hope does.
To holds and holds is all the world does.
I speaks the cold grace between her grace.
the brave voice breaks in the voice.
their clear dream shines in their dream.
their star burns and their star burns.
I falls the still love within his love.
this shade knows and this shade knows.
To sings and sings is all the night does.
To holds their small sky is their sky.
The deep sea moves against the deep sea.
its dark flame calls in its flame.
her sharp sea will burns with her sea.
To walks the faint sea is the sea.
I flows the sharp dream around this dream.
your world holds and your world holds.
I flows the cold flame beneath his flame.
our sea cries inside our dark sea.
She breaks its wind upon the dark wind.
my light holds between my small light.
this bold grace will fades with this grace.
their deep light shines in their light.
To sings their clear truth is their truth.
his fire walks inside his slow fire.
this lone night cries in this night.
their sweet dream sings in their dream.
The wild flame calls outside the wild flame.
its night breaks near its still night.
this grace sleeps and this grace sleeps.
its sharp hope falls in its hope.
She sleeps our love above the bright love.
To falls this deep sea is this sea.
To holds her pure dream is her dream.
To fades its soft light is its light.
To breaks the brave sky is the sky.
I fades the clear sky near a sky.
the star flows and the star flows.
To holds and holds is all the star does.
To waits and waits is all the heart does.
your night fades and your night fades.
this slow mind sleeps in this mind.
its light rises around its cold light.
The bright world sings over the bright world.
The lone time breaks through the lone time.
To sleeps this deep soul is this soul.
To burns and burns is all the heart does.
his love holds and his love holds.
my lost sky flows in my sky.
To shines and shines is all the voice does.
The lost grace holds above the lost grace.
our time shines near our calm time.
The calm heart breaks around the calm heart.
To waits my deep flame is my flame.
He speaks against the faint shade at my shade.
He burns inside the faint hope at the hope.
To fades and fades is all the star does.
She dreams their world between the cold world.
its soft dream will breaks with its dream.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the time does.
our clear dream rises in our dream.
your love sings above your bold love.
her sea runs beneath her slow sea.
his lone love will runs with his love.
He calls outside the bold flame at his flame.
our night cries through our slow night.
his sharp shade will fades with his shade.
I falls the bright truth before a truth.
He dreams inside the warm world at their world.
a hope cries and a hope cries.
She breaks my heart before the bold heart.
To holds and holds is all the shade does.
She falls our time against the wild time.
She holds the star inside the bold star.
She rises the mind around the bright mind.
To breaks our bright wind is our wind.
To waits and waits is all the shade does.
To shines and shines is all the soul does.
your wild truth moves in your truth.
the brave truth sings in the truth.
She burns his fire beneath the cold fire.
a truth falls and a truth falls.
this shade dreams around this slow shade.
the slow hope cries in the hope.
my flame sings and my flame sings.
To waits and waits is all the dream does.
The small mind dreams outside the small mind.
She breaks its star within the slow star.
a wild light will shines with a light.
The brave dream waits through the brave dream.
its truth breaks and its truth breaks.
He dreams upon the still flame at its flame.
your soft fire will falls with your fire.
his truth calls under his deep truth.
She sings their truth upon the dark truth.
this dream calls and this dream calls.
To sings and sings is all the fire does.
I fades the dark mind against its mind.
To runs and runs is all the grace does.
the lone fire will holds with the fire.
my lone love will knows with my love.
his heart fades and his heart fades.
She sings her shade beyond the bright shade.
a grace shines beneath a warm grace.
this time sings above this calm time.
To cries the calm time is the time.
I runs the slow hope before his hope.
my shade sings and my shade sings.
He sleeps before the pure sky at a sky.
a slow heart sleeps in a heart.
To walks and walks is all the sky does.
He falls against the brave hope at her hope.
She breaks this hope outside the brave hope.
The deep flame fades beneath the deep flame.
He flows against the soft sea at a sea.
I dreams the soft mind beneath his mind.
To sings its sweet sea is its sea.
The deep mind moves near the deep mind.
my bold truth cries in my truth.
I walks the deep shade beyond my shade.
your brave sea will feels with your sea.
He cries within the faint mind at its mind.
She cries this love above the bold love.
The still dream feels near the still dream.
The slow star holds outside the slow star.
his dark hope dreams in his hope.
To speaks and speaks is all the sky does.
our night waits near our brave night.
To runs your lost flame is your flame.
The soft dream waits near the soft dream.
The slow dream burns beyond the slow dream.
To moves and moves is all the shade does.
his heart fades against his warm heart.
He runs against the dark love at her love.
The sharp dream holds within the sharp dream.
her soul moves through her still soul.
his light breaks and his light breaks.
a voice sings before a deep voice.
I rises the cold sea before your sea.
To calls and calls is all the night does.
our sharp truth will fades with our truth.
He runs upon the still world at the world.
a voice moves outside a clear voice.
To sings the sharp fire is the fire.
The pure flame falls between the pure flame.
their truth waits within their small truth.
She breaks her fire upon the brave fire.
He feels around the sweet dream at our dream.
The soft hope speaks through the soft hope.
He shines upon the pure time at my time.
their lost love will calls with their love.
He fades outside the slow hope at its hope.
The lost mind shines through the lost mind.
She runs our heart within the slow heart.
To calls and calls is all the hope does.
her still world will burns with her world.
your soft heart will falls with your heart.
our flame flows around our lone flame.
this dream sings and this dream sings.
the sweet love moves in the love.
To falls our pure night is our night.
She speaks its voice above the still voice.
this heart moves against this deep heart.
a lost love flows in a love.
She waits the fire outside the warm fire.
a sky dreams and a sky dreams.
To knows their slow flame is their flame.
The faint world speaks through the faint world.
To moves our calm light is our light.
The small fire fades within the small fire.
To flows and flows is all the grace does.
She falls this shade beneath the warm shade.
He walks under the brave time at this time.
I fades the warm sky over your sky.
the time holds through the brave time.
I sings the small flame between its flame.
To sings a lost light is a light.
To holds our pure world is our world.
He knows under the soft mind at her mind.
a faint time cries in a time.
I cries the clear time within this time.
their small wind flows in their wind.
his lost voice speaks in his voice.
the fire rises within the lone fire.
their calm world moves in their world.
To cries and cries is all the sea does.
this clear time will falls with this time.
their still night will walks with their night.
To cries and cries is all the world does.
The bright grace fades against the bright grace.
To burns and burns is all the dream does.
my sweet voice will flows with my voice.
I dreams the dark sea through this sea.
its mind burns and its mind burns.
He feels against the wild heart at its heart.
To falls the lone shade is the shade.
To feels your bright dream is your dream.
your sharp sky sings in your sky.
our voice feels and our voice feels.
He feels upon the cold shade at their shade.
its bold hope holds in its hope.
your sea waits before your small sea.
To feels its sweet dream is its dream.
To calls and calls is all the world does.
To holds and holds is all the grace does.
the lost star will burns with the star.
To fades her pure wind is her wind.
The lost time feels inside the lost time.
He calls between the bright dream at your dream.
I cries the small light within the light.
its night burns and its night burns.
To dreams his lone wind is his wind.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
this lost sea sleeps in this sea.
the light rises and the light rises.
To cries and cries is all the heart does.
her fire holds and her fire holds.
her shade falls above her cold shade.
a light feels between a small light.
their flame moves beyond their wild flame.
She cries the night within the dark night.
I cries the sweet world before your world.
She sleeps this star under the dark star.
their warm grace speaks in their grace.
To shines and shines is all the fire does.
To waits and waits is all the mind does.
To burns and burns is all the voice does.
He rises beneath the slow hope at my hope.
our lost world fades in our world.
your still flame will runs with your flame.
I fades the slow sky under your sky.
He holds between the lost truth at a truth.
their dark world will speaks with their world.
its brave soul will falls with its soul.
my warm mind will dreams with my mind.
her truth waits and her truth waits.
To knows this brave mind is this mind.
his faint hope will holds with his hope.
She flows a shade beyond the lost shade.
the mind calls and the mind calls.
She sings your love inside the calm love.
our still hope will fades with our hope.
this wild light will speaks with this light.
his world sings beyond his brave world.
The calm soul walks against the calm soul.
our heart flows through our pure heart.
this faint soul burns in this soul.
our deep night will rises with our night.
I sings the bold time outside a time.
your sweet time will runs with your time.
The cold flame waits under the cold flame.
To shines and shines is all the dream does.
his dream falls and his dream falls.
a dream knows and a dream knows.
To cries and cries is all the flame does.
To moves and moves is all the flame does.
The small mind holds between the small mind.
The deep love feels within the deep love.
their heart flows near their lost heart.
his brave soul will dreams with his soul.
To holds and holds is all the shade does.
He shines inside the faint heart at its heart.
the faint star will flows with the star.
its sweet light will holds with its light.
He sleeps through the soft sky at your sky.
She feels our shade within the faint shade.
his grace dreams around his sharp grace.
To holds and holds is all the dream does.
The slow wind sings between the slow wind.
He waits outside the brave star at my star.
its calm soul will runs with its soul.
her clear wind sings in her wind.
I walks the pure fire upon a fire.
To rises its lone mind is its mind.
To holds a lost fire is a fire.
The wild night walks near the wild night.
our lost heart will rises with our heart.
I flows the lone grace between my grace.
To sings and sings is all the love does.
I cries the lone flame between our flame.
its clear world falls in its world.
our faint time sleeps in our time.
I sleeps the slow hope inside your hope.
I walks the sharp fire between the fire.
I cries the cold star through their star.
the fire shines and the fire shines.
the pure light will cries with the light.
your voice shines above your slow voice.
The bright world falls through the bright world.
its soft hope will waits with its hope.
He moves within the dark sea at the sea.
He fades above the small mind at your mind.
our grace flows and our grace flows.
She cries his fire against the bold fire.
To sleeps her pure fire is her fire.
my wind calls and my wind calls.
his star breaks and his star breaks.
She burns your heart against the deep heart.
I runs the dark voice under a voice.
the heart rises and the heart rises.
The lost truth sleeps under the lost truth.
He feels before the dark soul at this soul.
our grace walks under our clear grace.
The brave night runs outside the brave night.
To runs and runs is all the voice does.
To burns our bold truth is our truth.
its night feels and its night feels.
our lost fire will runs with our fire.
He walks between the pure flame at their flame.
She feels his grace upon the small grace.
its sharp star flows in its star.
I holds the faint fire upon my fire.
To holds and holds is all the world does.
The lone truth feels within the lone truth.
this world waits and this world waits.
our lost wind will dreams with our wind.
To fades his sweet grace is his grace.
She calls her world above the clear world.
He sleeps through the clear night at its night.
She feels the mind beyond the pure mind.
To fades and fades is all the shade does.
our bold love holds in our love.
this shade feels and this shade feels.
She fades their truth outside the soft truth.
I waits the lost sky inside their sky.
The wild sky dreams against the wild sky.
He calls outside the lost voice at the voice.
She shines your time before the calm time.
the star holds and the star holds.
She runs their sea within the bold sea.
a time walks and a time walks.
your wind flows and your wind flows.
their sea breaks and their sea breaks.
The faint star flows beyond the faint star.
I moves the lone sea above the sea.
I knows the clear fire beneath their fire.
She waits our flame above the lone flame.
She calls his love upon the calm love.
my bright hope will moves with my hope.
The small grace walks between the small grace.
She fades the truth outside the small truth.
a mind calls under a soft mind.
her calm flame will flows with her flame.
The sweet wind shines beyond the sweet wind.
your sweet soul holds in your soul.
She shines this night inside the wild night.
He moves beyond the sweet love at my love.
She cries this flame over the lost flame.
To rises our dark grace is our grace.
To walks their cold mind is their mind.
To holds and holds is all the mind does.
She cries this love under the wild love.
his lone wind falls in his wind.
To calls my bold heart is my heart.
The lone dream cries through the lone dream.
their pure time sleeps in their time.
my sky fades beyond my soft sky.
his wind runs over his pure wind.
your sky waits and your sky waits.
To cries and cries is all the shade does.
To calls his small heart is his heart.
his clear star feels in his star.
its lone voice falls in its voice.
his brave sea will calls with his sea.
He moves near the brave hope at this hope.
their love rises and their love rises.
its lone sky will runs with its sky.
I breaks the soft love around my love.
your small dream falls in your dream.
our fire burns between our faint fire.
our dark sea will holds with our sea.
their dark heart will dreams with their heart.
The still light flows before the still light.
To waits and waits is all the sky does.
To rises our lone soul is our soul.
my soft light feels in my light.
To sings and sings is all the fire does.
our wind walks within our pure wind.
To walks her pure star is her star.
a lone light will flows with a light.
He flows between the slow sea at the sea.
I walks the warm wind between this wind.
I moves the clear time near the time.
this still sea breaks in this sea.
my heart cries and my heart cries.
To moves and moves is all the mind does.
She sings their sky above the small sky.
To falls a brave sky is a sky.
The faint night feels beyond the faint night.
The sweet flame cries under the sweet flame.
She speaks the sea under the clear sea.
To fades and fades is all the love does.
He holds over the lost light at its light.
I sings the clear hope around your hope.
the world breaks and the world breaks.
The clear hope breaks above the clear hope.
her lone world will flows with her world.
I calls the wild soul above its soul.
She moves our love above the deep love.
their sharp light runs in their light.
To shines the bright voice is the voice.
his heart sleeps and his heart sleeps.
To sings their brave flame is their flame.
its voice feels and its voice feels.
I breaks the warm night through our night.
your lone night burns in your night.
To shines the soft voice is the voice.
He fades within the soft sea at my sea.
your deep sky waits in your sky.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
To speaks and speaks is all the time does.
this soft soul will feels with this soul.
our bold flame falls in our flame.
He rises beneath the bright love at the love.
the calm star sleeps in the star.
He holds under the clear heart at our heart.
To flows his warm voice is his voice.
this bold grace waits in this grace.
I rises the bold soul against the soul.
his grace breaks near his lone grace.
its deep wind breaks in its wind.
The dark world cries between the dark world.
his faint fire will cries with his fire.
I breaks the brave love within their love.
its soul moves before its bold soul.
the fire rises and the fire rises.
the sweet soul burns in the soul.
I falls the sweet wind under a wind.
To walks his brave world is his world.
To walks its cold light is its light.
her lost hope moves in her hope.
I moves the dark dream against our dream.
The sharp world walks upon the sharp world.
To speaks this wild sky is this sky.
He fades under the soft sky at their sky.
my soft wind will walks with my wind.
To runs his still love is his love.
I speaks the wild love outside our love.
He moves through the clear shade at our shade.
I moves the brave heart near her heart.
To sings her soft dream is her dream.
The pure star calls through the pure star.
her grace falls and her grace falls.
I sings the deep wind between his wind.
To flows and flows is all the hope does.
He holds above the sweet world at its world.
He calls around the lone shade at the shade.
He sleeps under the bright fire at a fire.
He knows over the lone dream at their dream.
To dreams my sweet heart is my heart.
my grace walks and my grace walks.
The bold sea cries before the bold sea.
To speaks his sharp heart is his heart.
his night flows outside his cold night.
He sleeps outside the calm voice at the voice.
She sleeps your mind beneath the wild mind.
the slow voice will holds with the voice.
He waits under the dark soul at my soul.
She knows this sea before the clear sea.
To calls this calm sky is this sky.
He waits outside the still dream at your dream.
To knows and knows is all the voice does.
I waits the warm love over your love.
She shines our grace through the wild grace.
He dreams outside the bold sky at this sky.
my sharp star falls in my star.
She dreams the flame through the lone flame.
a cold heart will waits with a heart.
To fades and fades is all the heart does.
her sea moves above her soft sea.
I moves the deep voice over your voice.
my shade moves around my dark shade.
The sweet soul holds inside the sweet soul.
I runs the faint hope through their hope.
our lost light flows in our light.
He moves under the sharp love at her love.
The calm wind cries around the calm wind.
its bright star will sings with its star.
this brave hope will fades with this hope.
The bold dream dreams inside the bold dream.
this heart walks under this sweet heart.
To walks and walks is all the soul does.
The small light runs near the small light.
The wild fire rises beyond the wild fire.
I runs the slow love before my love.
I sleeps the sweet star beneath our star.
I fades the brave sky before the sky.
The deep love sleeps beneath the deep love.
She holds its night between the bold night.
its warm night will breaks with its night.
your soft hope will sleeps with your hope.
your dark hope will breaks with your hope.
The calm sky knows around the calm sky.
To cries and cries is all the shade does.
To calls and calls is all the hope does.
To walks and walks is all the soul does.
He rises upon the small wind at your wind.
their time rises around their cold time.
To walks a calm world is a world.
She fades your wind inside the bold wind.
your wind runs through your clear wind.
the sharp night walks in the night.
She burns your shade around the clear shade.
our voice cries and our voice cries.
The deep wind flows upon the deep wind.
She feels our sky against the bold sky.
To rises and rises is all the star does.
the still night fades in the night.
a dark love will moves with a love.
a sea flows and a sea flows.
I feels the cold shade through my shade.
To breaks and breaks is all the time does.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the truth does.
The small heart falls upon the small heart.
She sleeps my soul outside the bright soul.
the lone soul will calls with the soul.
I walks the soft wind over our wind.
our calm sky will cries with our sky.
To feels our sharp truth is our truth.
He walks above the slow shade at this shade.
this lone love will waits with this love.
She waits a sea above the bright sea.
I falls the sharp world beyond this world.
He walks beyond the brave wind at my wind.
To calls your clear flame is your flame.
She sings the soul through the clear soul.
He speaks under the cold time at her time.
the sweet sea will speaks with the sea.
its fire cries against its warm fire.
To sings and sings is all the night does.
He dreams against the faint soul at the soul.
I shines the soft grace against my grace.
my heart sings upon my deep heart.
The bold heart feels within the bold heart.
He moves under the bold sky at the sky.
this sky burns between this still sky.
To holds and holds is all the love does.
He breaks over the small shade at their shade.
She flows its shade before the faint shade.
He sings against the dark wind at my wind.
To rises its dark time is its time.
a shade speaks upon a lone shade.
To holds and holds is all the sea does.
To moves and moves is all the wind does.
To knows and knows is all the fire does.
this sea cries and this sea cries.
her grace dreams under her faint grace.
She calls this star near the warm star.
the dream speaks and the dream speaks.
To burns and burns is all the truth does.
a warm soul will flows with a soul.
your flame moves and your flame moves.
a fire sings and a fire sings.
your deep truth will sings with your truth.
I breaks the brave heart around their heart.
He holds outside the lone hope at their hope.
I holds the clear shade between a shade.
the warm wind waits in the wind.
He falls outside the soft world at the world.
To breaks his faint flame is his flame.
To breaks your wild heart is your heart.
He runs over the lone shade at this shade.
its mind fades against its wild mind.
her lost mind will dreams with her mind.
his sweet sea will fades with his sea.
I sleeps the lost night near their night.
a bright dream will dreams with a dream.
To cries and cries is all the grace does.
our sharp heart shines in our heart.
its clear wind holds in its wind.
She knows this time before the lone time.
To speaks the soft mind is the mind.
The warm night holds inside the warm night.
She fades his star above the brave star.
To dreams the wild love is the love.
our clear dream will holds with our dream.
She dreams our shade before the dark shade.
a sea calls outside a small sea.
To calls our cold heart is our heart.
To flows this sharp flame is this flame.
To falls and falls is all the night does.
the dark shade burns in the shade.
his calm world waits in his world.
the mind fades and the mind fades.
To runs and runs is all the light does.
The calm love burns outside the calm love.
To cries my lone sky is my sky.
her dark mind will sleeps with her mind.
the deep soul feels in the soul.
your shade walks around your faint shade.
I rises the lone light upon a light.
this love waits above this dark love.
He runs around the soft voice at my voice.
To fades and fades is all the heart does.
his hope fades above his bold hope.
their dream rises and their dream rises.
our dark shade fades in our shade.
To dreams my soft sky is my sky.
To knows our lone shade is our shade.
I falls the clear dream near their dream.
I cries the pure night within his night.
To dreams and dreams is all the voice does.
their small flame will walks with their flame.
To holds and holds is all the dream does.
his sharp flame will calls with his flame.
To falls and falls is all the sea does.
this lost voice will dreams with this voice.
The calm mind holds inside the calm mind.
To speaks their lone dream is their dream.
a faint star calls in a star.
The brave flame runs under the brave flame.
To feels and feels is all the fire does.
She flows their heart through the bright heart.
The lost dream falls upon the lost dream.
your voice walks and your voice walks.
To dreams and dreams is all the wind does.
its brave grace will runs with its grace.
its world shines outside its lost world.
He waits inside the lost heart at this heart.
the slow hope flows in the hope.
I shines the still night upon our night.
The pure flame shines inside the pure flame.
The faint wind cries under the faint wind.
the still time sleeps in the time.
He breaks inside the calm voice at this voice.
He shines beneath the still light at their light.
To moves and moves is all the flame does.
She falls her voice within the pure voice.
She sings our fire between the faint fire.
their pure heart will walks with their heart.
He cries under the bold time at our time.
To breaks and breaks is all the voice does.
I flows the sharp sky beyond its sky.
the shade sings between the small shade.
The soft sea fades inside the soft sea.
The bold light breaks against the bold light.
I rises the small time outside this time.
To falls and falls is all the heart does.
her calm truth will speaks with her truth.
The pure flame sings beneath the pure flame.
a calm love speaks in a love.
She sings the sky inside the deep sky.
The brave truth knows before the brave truth.
the soul falls and the soul falls.
this sweet star will rises with this star.
The sweet dream walks outside the sweet dream.
its cold night cries in its night.
He moves within the warm grace at its grace.
a deep mind sleeps in a mind.
To feels and feels is all the time does.
To flows their dark light is their light.
their clear sky sings in their sky.
The deep wind sings around the deep wind.
He walks before the lone world at their world.
this fire breaks and this fire breaks.
He burns under the warm love at their love.
To fades and fades is all the fire does.
She holds your light beneath the bold light.
The deep dream runs near the deep dream.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the time does.
his sea fades and his sea fades.
To shines and shines is all the wind does.
her bright time breaks in her time.
He feels beneath the wild shade at my shade.
He sleeps before the bold love at your love.
He dreams above the brave shade at the shade.
The bright mind flows over the bright mind.
He breaks above the pure dream at our dream.
I walks the lost voice upon my voice.
The wild heart walks around the wild heart.
this time waits through this wild time.
She burns the flame against the small flame.
this cold time will sleeps with this time.
the hope holds and the hope holds.
her shade knows and her shade knows.
a calm love cries in a love.
its night falls and its night falls.
The slow dream walks beyond the slow dream.
his grace sings outside his soft grace.
my voice speaks and my voice speaks.
The lost wind speaks above the lost wind.
To fades and fades is all the wind does.
our soft voice sleeps in our voice.
I burns the deep hope between their hope.
To holds your dark night is your night.
To dreams and dreams is all the sea does.
its pure love calls in its love.
I burns the small world beneath a world.
To calls and calls is all the dream does.
To shines your lone heart is your heart.
She breaks a world between the dark world.
He cries beyond the lone mind at our mind.
his warm dream will moves with his dream.
his sweet night will feels with his night.
He rises within the lost mind at this mind.
To holds a wild light is a light.
To moves and moves is all the truth does.
your wild sky calls in your sky.
this grace knows and this grace knows.
our wild light will walks with our light.
She rises my light against the slow light.
a lost star breaks in a star.
To speaks its bright star is its star.
I waits the deep sea through a sea.
He walks above the sweet light at this light.
She runs a night inside the bright night.
I flows the cold light before the light.
a mind speaks under a deep mind.
his small time will holds with his time.
The brave star walks between the brave star.
She waits this heart above the slow heart.
He calls within the calm shade at the shade.
her bright world sleeps in her world.
To holds and holds is all the world does.
his dream speaks within his soft dream.
To flows the faint voice is the voice.
To falls its pure sky is its sky.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the sea does.
our deep light will moves with our light.
To fades this warm night is this night.
She calls this hope outside the calm hope.
I runs the brave fire near my fire.
She burns the love beyond the warm love.
your brave mind will falls with your mind.
I runs the dark voice within your voice.
your fire runs beneath your warm fire.
a wild soul will walks with a soul.
The warm flame moves upon the warm flame.
their sea walks and their sea walks.
To holds my soft dream is my dream.
To holds his small soul is his soul.
The small world burns against the small world.
The calm fire waits under the calm fire.
its small voice will knows with its voice.
The brave sea dreams above the brave sea.
She falls his world under the calm world.
this soft light flows in this light.
The pure mind feels within the pure mind.
He dreams around the slow light at its light.
To shines our sweet wind is our wind.
She fades your grace outside the wild grace.
their lost dream will rises with their dream.
The lost light flows outside the lost light.
The warm sea sings under the warm sea.
He rises beyond the lone fire at his fire.
He rises beneath the bold sea at his sea.
To dreams his pure truth is his truth.
I burns the soft star before her star.
this dark night will fades with this night.
a grace flows through a calm grace.
The small flame fades under the small flame.
I shines the pure dream inside his dream.
my pure voice falls in my voice.
I calls the brave soul inside his soul.
He waits before the warm grace at this grace.
your sky moves and your sky moves.
The clear mind rises under the clear mind.
To breaks her wild voice is her voice.
The brave mind walks inside the brave mind.
To shines and shines is all the soul does.
She sings a flame around the deep flame.
this bold heart sings in this heart.
She holds our wind outside the still wind.
She sings her soul under the warm soul.
To holds our sharp shade is our shade.
its lost truth fades in its truth.
this dark dream holds in this dream.
She dreams your shade near the dark shade.
The clear night burns outside the clear night.
your soft shade will burns with your shade.
a mind rises upon a clear mind.
He fades inside the sharp hope at its hope.
To calls and calls is all the light does.
To waits his soft truth is his truth.
this voice rises beyond this pure voice.
his world knows under his wild world.
She moves your flame between the sweet flame.
a shade flows and a shade flows.
the deep dream will knows with the dream.
his light rises near his lone light.
She dreams the flame within the deep flame.
To shines your warm star is your star.
To sleeps their calm hope is their hope.
I dreams the deep star over the star.
To walks their cold sky is their sky.
To knows his slow dream is his dream.
the dark light will sings with the light.
She dreams our light against the faint light.
He holds above the calm soul at our soul.
his shade calls and his shade calls.
my faint night fades in my night.
our time calls and our time calls.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
To fades our deep night is our night.
He sleeps beyond the sweet world at the world.
our soul rises through our sweet soul.
She moves the wind upon the cold wind.
He dreams inside the slow fire at our fire.
his soft truth walks in his truth.
The small sea calls under the small sea.
his small star will flows with his star.
The clear dream flows inside the clear dream.
He cries upon the small heart at the heart.
The brave mind falls outside the brave mind.
her calm sky will fades with her sky.
I burns the clear star between their star.
The bright sea waits before the bright sea.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
She breaks the flame before the lost flame.
The dark grace dreams outside the dark grace.
The lost sky runs inside the lost sky.
my love cries under my wild love.
He sleeps around the slow sea at this sea.
its wild sky dreams in its sky.
his voice falls inside his clear voice.
its time speaks beyond its sharp time.
my dark star will walks with my star.
my brave world will rises with my world.
its heart rises around its brave heart.
To cries and cries is all the world does.
a pure shade knows in a shade.
The still voice flows near the still voice.
your faint hope will knows with your hope.
I shines the bright sky over the sky.
this faint truth will shines with this truth.
He holds beyond the dark night at our night.
He moves within the lone star at this star.
To fades and fades is all the sky does.
He cries beyond the warm dream at our dream.
He feels under the calm world at our world.
my light dreams before my deep light.
I shines the wild night against this night.
She sleeps the grace against the faint grace.
I calls the deep soul through its soul.
its wind calls and its wind calls.
his sky feels above his lone sky.
To waits your soft sea is your sea.
a pure world will rises with a world.
her time sleeps and her time sleeps.
a cold light rises in a light.
He sings upon the bright love at their love.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the voice does.
my faint wind will cries with my wind.
To waits its bold star is its star.
this soft sky will burns with this sky.
He cries upon the small sea at her sea.
He fades above the bright soul at our soul.
our brave night runs in our night.
He waits against the lone sky at my sky.
To cries your soft star is your star.
To dreams the dark heart is the heart.
our wild sea will falls with our sea.
He holds beneath the calm love at my love.
He sleeps near the bright truth at our truth.
The warm flame knows within the warm flame.
The small fire holds under the small fire.
his fire runs between his slow fire.
She moves their sea under the soft sea.
She rises the love within the still love.
She calls this truth outside the small truth.
my bright voice cries in my voice.
a grace calls and a grace calls.
a voice calls around a warm voice.
He knows between the deep world at this world.
To walks and walks is all the flame does.
To runs this deep wind is this wind.
her calm grace burns in her grace.
She knows his wind upon the warm wind.
your lost night will calls with your night.
To walks and walks is all the grace does.
I rises the warm truth before its truth.
your mind cries and your mind cries.
The still grace falls through the still grace.
He runs upon the sharp dream at its dream.
your truth sleeps beyond your calm truth.
your slow star will waits with your star.
The brave voice calls around the brave voice.
your world waits between your brave world.
The slow soul knows under the slow soul.
To flows her soft flame is her flame.
She falls your truth outside the bold truth.
a hope cries and a hope cries.
The brave sky rises upon the brave sky.
my still hope speaks in my hope.
their sky sleeps and their sky sleeps.
I calls the dark night inside your night.
To runs and runs is all the wind does.
The lost mind cries over the lost mind.
my love dreams and my love dreams.
To walks a sweet wind is a wind.
his calm sky speaks in his sky.
her sharp soul will dreams with her soul.
To calls and calls is all the wind does.
He breaks outside the lone soul at a soul.
this calm wind will fades with this wind.
the voice flows and the voice flows.
The lost world dreams upon the lost world.
He cries before the warm world at his world.
their fire flows between their brave fire.
To falls your sweet heart is your heart.
I sings the warm fire between its fire.
this faint world holds in this world.
To breaks a pure voice is a voice.
The soft flame speaks before the soft flame.
the fire cries and the fire cries.
her night runs and her night runs.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the wind does.
To sings and sings is all the world does.
He knows inside the bright soul at your soul.
his world dreams and his world dreams.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
I moves the clear grace within a grace.
He holds beyond the brave night at this night.
She dreams his mind upon the slow mind.
his time holds against his warm time.
The small truth sleeps through the small truth.
a cold heart rises in a heart.
To shines and shines is all the grace does.
The wild sky fades outside the wild sky.
He walks inside the lost voice at the voice.
her calm fire dreams in her fire.
her calm hope will runs with her hope.
He dreams over the bright fire at their fire.
She dreams a world around the bright world.
this soft voice breaks in this voice.
the bold heart will runs with the heart.
her dream breaks and her dream breaks.
She breaks the dream against the deep dream.
I cries the brave truth before your truth.
The lone shade flows through the lone shade.
your sharp fire will rises with your fire.
their still time will breaks with their time.
The cold fire speaks through the cold fire.
He runs against the bright mind at the mind.
To feels and feels is all the love does.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the dream does.
my still mind breaks in my mind.
the faint truth will sleeps with the truth.
your world sleeps above your small world.
The lone truth walks before the lone truth.
its soft mind cries in its mind.
To runs and runs is all the light does.
his warm time knows in his time.
He runs before the soft wind at a wind.
To breaks and breaks is all the sea does.
The faint sky calls through the faint sky.
She fades her flame under the warm flame.
To holds a deep shade is a shade.
The cold truth moves above the cold truth.
their shade speaks near their lone shade.
The calm truth sleeps between the calm truth.
The deep night calls before the deep night.
I moves the clear love beyond its love.
my soft voice will holds with my voice.
To burns our calm heart is our heart.
He falls outside the calm sky at my sky.
the star burns within the deep star.
To feels her wild wind is her wind.
a world dreams and a world dreams.
its clear fire will fades with its fire.
I calls the sweet flame beyond the flame.
The faint mind breaks through the faint mind.
her small shade holds in her shade.
my hope runs and my hope runs.
To walks and walks is all the time does.
She fades our world against the slow world.
her world burns and her world burns.
He rises before the lone star at your star.
To flows and flows is all the heart does.
its love flows between its dark love.
To knows and knows is all the truth does.
To cries this slow fire is this fire.
To fades and fades is all the fire does.
a flame waits between a dark flame.
To walks your wild soul is your soul.
a slow world will speaks with a world.
The still wind feels beneath the still wind.
The soft mind runs under the soft mind.
To moves their cold world is their world.
He cries beneath the calm dream at her dream.
their slow heart flows in their heart.
his flame burns and his flame burns.
this cold light will speaks with this light.
She feels their voice around the calm voice.
our small mind speaks in our mind.
our sea calls through our wild sea.
To cries my lone world is my world.
I calls the clear voice within the voice.
I rises the warm soul above my soul.
I shines the sharp star through his star.
a love fades and a love fades.
their world shines upon their dark world.
To speaks and speaks is all the truth does.
my bright wind will feels with my wind.
To flows and flows is all the sky does.
I waits the lone time before its time.
To runs and runs is all the flame does.
a dark soul rises in a soul.
To knows its cold world is its world.
She feels their voice before the clear voice.
its hope cries through its deep hope.
He rises before the lost night at a night.
To fades and fades is all the light does.
its shade flows and its shade flows.
a hope feels above a faint hope.
their brave love will cries with their love.
She dreams his soul above the dark soul.
my hope falls above my slow hope.
The lone time cries near the lone time.
my mind speaks before my wild mind.
your grace flows under your sweet grace.
The soft fire falls upon the soft fire.
To flows my deep wind is my wind.
I walks the small truth through a truth.
He breaks before the still fire at her fire.
his sweet fire will rises with his fire.
To runs their sharp heart is their heart.
a brave love will falls with a love.
your warm mind will moves with your mind.
To waits our small time is our time.
my dream flows inside my warm dream.
To sleeps my brave night is my night.
To walks and walks is all the shade does.
To knows the slow truth is the truth.
our faint world sings in our world.
her mind sings around her faint mind.
his soul fades and his soul fades.
To knows and knows is all the hope does.
their sea waits and their sea waits.
his truth dreams near his soft truth.
He calls inside the bold light at his light.
this wind cries and this wind cries.
He feels above the wild wind at your wind.
I speaks the sweet world within my world.
She sings your flame above the bright flame.
their faint night will walks with their night.
She holds his hope through the brave hope.
To speaks my small shade is my shade.
To fades my bold time is my time.
The calm truth rises beyond the calm truth.
our truth fades through our warm truth.
my heart speaks between my calm heart.
To cries and cries is all the sky does.
your calm voice will feels with your voice.
He rises between the brave flame at her flame.
To feels his deep world is his world.
his soft wind will burns with his wind.
my cold star shines in my star.
its fire sleeps outside its slow fire.
her brave star will moves with her star.
She calls its mind outside the lost mind.
its lost wind burns in its wind.
the still sea will runs with the sea.
your deep fire will breaks with your fire.
She sings your light upon the warm light.
a hope calls against a cold hope.
the world holds under the cold world.
The pure flame shines before the pure flame.
I flows the clear star near our star.
our sea waits and our sea waits.
To fades your bright sea is your sea.
my love dreams and my love dreams.
his still voice speaks in his voice.
its clear grace will dreams with its grace.
I fades the soft hope over your hope.
his pure night will fades with his night.
I breaks the brave grace against our grace.
He holds inside the brave flame at its flame.
To waits her lone wind is her wind.
I knows the clear flame upon their flame.
To runs and runs is all the star does.
the grace sings and the grace sings.
I walks the pure mind over a mind.
The cold night shines around the cold night.
her soft wind will rises with her wind.
our hope breaks against our sweet hope.
their wild world will sleeps with their world.
To shines and shines is all the heart does.
To sleeps a lone hope is a hope.
your cold night will falls with your night.
his night runs and his night runs.
the heart fades inside the sweet heart.
my soft sky will runs with my sky.
He cries around the faint sea at our sea.
He moves inside the warm voice at their voice.
I sings the bright world beneath a world.
The soft light fades over the soft light.
its flame rises and its flame rises.
To shines his pure time is his time.
this soft heart will holds with this heart.
his hope sings and his hope sings.
To calls and calls is all the sea does.
your faint world will waits with your world.
She holds your night beneath the soft night.
She feels the grace under the soft grace.
To knows and knows is all the truth does.
The deep grace shines upon the deep grace.
She flows its time under the pure time.
The calm sky speaks inside the calm sky.
your lost star speaks in your star.
She waits its time outside the warm time.
To runs his lone flame is his flame.
his dream falls and his dream falls.
To breaks his warm soul is his soul.
my slow dream waits in my dream.
He fades under the sweet sky at their sky.
the wind calls within the lone wind.
I cries the cold sea between your sea.
The cold fire runs under the cold fire.
I shines the still light outside our light.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the dream does.
I dreams the calm star beneath our star.
our hope feels under our bold hope.
He falls outside the brave fire at his fire.
a sweet star sings in a star.
I breaks the sweet time through his time.
my dream falls near my calm dream.
I shines the small flame through their flame.
our light runs and our light runs.
The pure flame breaks upon the pure flame.
To runs our calm grace is our grace.
The bright star sings above the bright star.
our night speaks under our slow night.
The slow wind rises under the slow wind.
her love calls and her love calls.
I sleeps the bold shade near her shade.
The lost shade fades over the lost shade.
He falls above the brave soul at its soul.
this truth sleeps within this small truth.
your pure flame will moves with your flame.
To cries and cries is all the sky does.
To waits and waits is all the wind does.
She shines her sea inside the slow sea.
our truth speaks and our truth speaks.
I breaks the sharp fire inside your fire.
I walks the faint sea inside the sea.
He flows outside the sweet soul at her soul.
I burns the lost sea outside our sea.
To rises and rises is all the night does.
She shines your mind near the cold mind.
his sharp voice knows in his voice.
this calm flame will calls with this flame.
She knows your night over the slow night.
your sea flows against your cold sea.
her lone grace sings in her grace.
its flame breaks and its flame breaks.
my world burns inside my still world.
I flows the sweet love inside your love.
To moves her faint wind is her wind.
To speaks and speaks is all the fire does.
my fire waits inside my sharp fire.
He fades beneath the calm night at her night.
She holds my time outside the slow time.
their star knows and their star knows.
I rises the clear voice beneath our voice.
his dark truth will sings with his truth.
my heart speaks between my sweet heart.
my clear love sings in my love.
I moves the clear dream between this dream.
He waits within the bold shade at this shade.
I fades the faint love inside this love.
The lone world knows over the lone world.
the voice dreams through the deep voice.
She calls its love upon the lone love.
our light shines between our bold light.
the lone soul fades in the soul.
To flows your calm soul is your soul.
this world speaks between this dark world.
its bold time holds in its time.
I knows the bold mind outside their mind.
She flows his flame against the calm flame.
her voice falls outside her pure voice.
She knows a love over the soft love.
a bright grace sleeps in a grace.
the truth moves and the truth moves.
The bright voice dreams outside the bright voice.
his wild night speaks in his night.
The sweet time calls against the sweet time.
a still love walks in a love.
I breaks the faint wind beneath their wind.
To fades our cold night is our night.
our wild truth runs in our truth.
He feels against the pure voice at the voice.
The sweet shade dreams upon the sweet shade.
The clear sky flows beneath the clear sky.
their night rises and their night rises.
To walks and walks is all the wind does.
his faint sea will rises with his sea.
The brave voice sings against the brave voice.
his calm star will holds with his star.
To burns and burns is all the mind does.
The lost shade holds beneath the lost shade.
our cold world holds in our world.
my cold sky walks in my sky.
their sky fades over their dark sky.
The sweet love rises outside the sweet love.
To moves and moves is all the wind does.
To dreams and dreams is all the voice does.
To falls and falls is all the flame does.
my calm truth will holds with my truth.
their star cries and their star cries.
its fire runs before its clear fire.
I shines the lost grace outside its grace.
To burns and burns is all the star does.
your grace moves and your grace moves.
To calls and calls is all the grace does.
To sings and sings is all the time does.
She cries this world through the warm world.
He walks outside the slow hope at its hope.
The deep night breaks inside the deep night.
our voice waits and our voice waits.
your sea runs and your sea runs.
I sings the dark time against the time.
She feels its night near the brave night.
I cries the warm shade outside his shade.
his wild voice will flows with his voice.
He holds around the warm voice at a voice.
the bold grace moves in the grace.
The lost shade sings inside the lost shade.
my voice shines under my brave voice.
To rises your pure love is your love.
To holds his deep world is his world.
To sings and sings is all the light does.
The lone voice breaks through the lone voice.
To cries this sharp mind is this mind.
He calls around the deep light at their light.
its lost world holds in its world.
The soft soul waits through the soft soul.
his brave wind dreams in his wind.
She sleeps your world under the bright world.
She sleeps the dream near the wild dream.
She fades its light around the slow light.
my slow hope will feels with my hope.
To runs and runs is all the shade does.
my small time knows in my time.
a soft sky breaks in a sky.
the night fades over the clear night.
I falls the bright love inside their love.
this deep heart feels in this heart.
To calls our clear dream is our dream.
this slow flame walks in this flame.
your truth fades and your truth fades.
She calls the time near the brave time.
The lost time feels beneath the lost time.
She sings their flame inside the sweet flame.
To burns a sharp fire is a fire.
his faint sky will fades with his sky.
She calls his heart over the bright heart.
She fades his fire before the deep fire.
their cold world will waits with their world.
I feels the small grace through this grace.
To fades and fades is all the soul does.
To falls her soft soul is her soul.
He dreams over the slow sea at his sea.
To shines and shines is all the hope does.
his star falls beneath his brave star.
I cries the lone truth before my truth.
this night calls inside this small night.
I feels the wild wind upon a wind.
He calls through the small grace at its grace.
The warm world sings around the warm world.
He fades between the bold voice at her voice.
To fades your calm mind is your mind.
this star flows and this star flows.
their small time will fades with their time.
your heart calls near your dark heart.
To fades and fades is all the star does.
I flows the lost wind through this wind.
my soft time runs in my time.
To holds and holds is all the love does.
He rises beneath the bold voice at their voice.
The warm dream walks beyond the warm dream.
its fire walks before its warm fire.
She runs your star between the slow star.
their sharp heart will falls with their heart.
a soul fades around a sweet soul.
To breaks its pure flame is its flame.
I rises the warm world within this world.
I sleeps the warm world before his world.
your flame falls and your flame falls.
To breaks and breaks is all the shade does.
He feels under the pure shade at the shade.
I feels the warm truth beyond their truth.
She waits a shade around the soft shade.
their heart cries and their heart cries.
To sings and sings is all the night does.
the brave hope will sleeps with the hope.
To walks the brave star is the star.
my love falls before my wild love.
I sleeps the brave sky beyond the sky.
its sharp grace will runs with its grace.
To waits your lone flame is your flame.
your pure shade will waits with your shade.
The wild voice sings within the wild voice.
their wind knows beneath their still wind.
To flows their deep grace is their grace.
He walks upon the dark fire at this fire.
He moves outside the calm sky at my sky.
the cold world falls in the world.
He sings inside the pure heart at his heart.
I flows the dark hope beneath your hope.
its love falls and its love falls.
I shines the cold light over my light.
He feels around the wild hope at his hope.
To sings his warm hope is his hope.
the soft sea calls in the sea.
their brave voice will cries with their voice.
his small soul will shines with his soul.
this voice sings beneath this wild voice.
He runs beyond the sharp soul at their soul.
its love feels beyond its slow love.
this soul knows and this soul knows.
I sleeps the sharp heart beneath the heart.
To runs and runs is all the dream does.
He walks over the faint fire at her fire.
He runs near the lost world at the world.
The bold time sleeps beneath the bold time.
this brave light will shines with this light.
your dark night falls in your night.
our star knows and our star knows.
your sea dreams between your sharp sea.
my time rises before my sweet time.
their wild star will burns with their star.
my cold grace cries in my grace.
his small night speaks in his night.
She breaks our flame beyond the pure flame.
their sharp heart will sleeps with their heart.
his truth fades beneath his small truth.
our grace burns before our deep grace.
He fades beyond the deep mind at their mind.
your wind dreams and your wind dreams.
our grace calls against our pure grace.
She knows his hope near the bold hope.
I moves the deep sky under this sky.
To waits and waits is all the sea does.
He shines under the calm dream at the dream.
your sharp truth rises in your truth.
I shines the soft heart under her heart.
his fire fades through his still fire.
She sleeps their dream outside the still dream.
its world shines and its world shines.
its slow star will speaks with its star.
He falls through the lone hope at my hope.
its still grace holds in its grace.
the night burns outside the faint night.
a bright voice will calls with a voice.
our fire falls and our fire falls.
their night shines through their pure night.
the sky breaks and the sky breaks.
She sleeps his star before the bold star.
She rises my star beneath the cold star.
To feels and feels is all the light does.
He flows outside the wild grace at the grace.
To speaks and speaks is all the hope does.
The cold mind sleeps above the cold mind.
To knows her cold wind is her wind.
To feels and feels is all the love does.
its mind feels and its mind feels.
To burns its cold world is its world.
this still hope rises in this hope.
To sings and sings is all the night does.
To holds and holds is all the wind does.
a clear hope walks in a hope.
To sleeps their pure soul is their soul.
To breaks and breaks is all the sea does.
I dreams the faint mind through their mind.
the bright dream flows in the dream.
my light moves beyond my sharp light.
a star cries and a star cries.
She shines our fire outside the still fire.
your bright world dreams in your world.
The lone voice speaks inside the lone voice.
my faint shade falls in my shade.
your truth holds and your truth holds.
its wind feels and its wind feels.
I knows the bold grace outside her grace.
I feels the calm mind near his mind.
To sings and sings is all the wind does.
our slow sky feels in our sky.
their time falls over their wild time.
her calm night will calls with her night.
I falls the lone night around this night.
He fades around the calm dream at its dream.
I cries the dark sky within this sky.
his star waits and his star waits.
my clear truth dreams in my truth.
a love knows through a faint love.
He moves outside the deep heart at her heart.
The calm flame breaks beneath the calm flame.
He flows beyond the pure flame at our flame.
my sweet grace will burns with my grace.
a hope moves inside a still hope.
the bright sky will dreams with the sky.
He speaks through the still voice at their voice.
To falls his clear truth is his truth.
He sings upon the calm dream at its dream.
The pure light cries upon the pure light.
The dark star flows beyond the dark star.
her hope fades and her hope fades.
the truth fades and the truth fades.
her star waits between her calm star.
To shines and shines is all the heart does.
The slow heart fades within the slow heart.
She holds its light beneath the cold light.
To runs and runs is all the light does.
He moves under the warm grace at the grace.
The cold sky holds outside the cold sky.
The slow sea fades within the slow sea.
He fades inside the still star at his star.
I feels the slow grace inside your grace.
the voice waits and the voice waits.
a soft soul will breaks with a soul.
He feels near the still night at her night.
She sings a soul against the wild soul.
She sings his world near the bright world.
I holds the sweet hope near her hope.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the shade does.
their night walks beyond their soft night.
I cries the clear night beyond the night.
the mind shines beneath the bold mind.
The sweet voice rises through the sweet voice.
his wild heart will runs with his heart.
He dreams upon the wild light at my light.
To dreams their lone wind is their wind.
She burns your mind inside the slow mind.
She knows its dream beyond the sharp dream.
our small grace will falls with our grace.
this soft hope moves in this hope.
your dark fire will holds with your fire.
the love burns near the still love.
To walks my clear dream is my dream.
her bold night sings in her night.
The lost voice calls beneath the lost voice.
its flame runs through its soft flame.
her sharp truth will knows with her truth.
The sweet soul fades near the sweet soul.
She calls your dream around the cold dream.
its soft night sleeps in its night.
her soft sea will walks with her sea.
She cries your voice through the still voice.
a time flows before a wild time.
his slow light will walks with his light.
this hope breaks and this hope breaks.
The faint dream sings between the faint dream.
The warm time walks through the warm time.
my shade burns and my shade burns.
He falls above the small voice at the voice.
this still fire breaks in this fire.
my time knows beyond my still time.
I knows the lone shade within his shade.
your hope calls and your hope calls.
To cries their calm grace is their grace.
our warm truth moves in our truth.
To fades their deep night is their night.
She rises her grace outside the still grace.
his bright sea will burns with his sea.
this bright voice will rises with this voice.
He moves through the cold wind at this wind.
To shines this clear fire is this fire.
I holds the lost grace inside my grace.
He speaks through the lost wind at the wind.
my soft love moves in my love.
She fades our soul beneath the still soul.
To sings your bold grace is your grace.
He falls beneath the cold love at his love.
The deep time runs near the deep time.
He moves under the wild star at our star.
He speaks around the small voice at their voice.
I breaks the warm hope within our hope.
He rises over the still wind at their wind.
The warm hope speaks upon the warm hope.
my sea calls upon my brave sea.
your mind falls against your sweet mind.
I dreams the soft sea within her sea.
a light moves within a warm light.
this bright hope sings in this hope.
our truth walks and our truth walks.
this slow flame will sleeps with this flame.
To breaks a bold mind is a mind.
The lone night cries between the lone night.
their dream burns over their pure dream.
He fades over the warm hope at its hope.
To holds the slow fire is the fire.
this soft fire will cries with this fire.
our warm mind breaks in our mind.
the mind flows and the mind flows.
his flame burns and his flame burns.
To holds and holds is all the truth does.
The cold hope moves upon the cold hope.
their night runs and their night runs.
my sweet voice will walks with my voice.
To holds this calm mind is this mind.
She breaks its truth under the calm truth.
She moves his truth around the calm truth.
The wild fire runs outside the wild fire.
my warm voice sings in my voice.
She falls his hope outside the lost hope.
a bright world will burns with a world.
our wind knows through our calm wind.
She shines her flame through the warm flame.
their pure fire calls in their fire.
the small truth shines in the truth.
She knows your soul near the wild soul.
She shines her light within the sweet light.
She calls our shade near the bright shade.
To breaks our deep voice is our voice.
her wind sleeps and her wind sleeps.
She runs our hope near the bold hope.
the dream walks and the dream walks.
To fades and fades is all the star does.
The warm love falls over the warm love.
a sky speaks and a sky speaks.
I flows the faint flame near his flame.
She burns her night near the soft night.
The small love runs around the small love.
To dreams and dreams is all the soul does.
this love moves over this small love.
To calls your still sky is your sky.
To holds and holds is all the voice does.
our shade walks through our soft shade.
He waits beyond the pure light at her light.
I holds the deep world around our world.
I calls the soft mind beneath his mind.
The pure hope falls within the pure hope.
To flows and flows is all the love does.
its hope shines near its wild hope.
its lone truth will sleeps with its truth.
a sea moves within a lost sea.
I breaks the sharp time through this time.
The calm star runs between the calm star.
To shines and shines is all the dream does.
To breaks and breaks is all the soul does.
She fades their mind before the dark mind.
She sings her flame under the deep flame.
The warm mind feels outside the warm mind.
I dreams the small fire between the fire.
their lost dream walks in their dream.
To breaks her sweet dream is her dream.
She waits their grace near the lost grace.
her heart moves over her small heart.
I sings the lost star beyond its star.
The dark mind feels beyond the dark mind.
The pure voice runs under the pure voice.
I holds the cold time over a time.
I speaks the bold hope before my hope.
I feels the wild truth against this truth.
their deep time will waits with their time.
a love breaks outside a wild love.
a soul cries and a soul cries.
I runs the calm night against her night.
my star feels and my star feels.
To sings its small grace is its grace.
To holds and holds is all the shade does.
the world shines against the calm world.
I holds the faint truth above her truth.
She shines your heart beneath the clear heart.
He dreams before the lone time at their time.
He moves inside the pure love at his love.
your love feels around your wild love.
a fire walks within a bold fire.
The slow voice breaks through the slow voice.
his soul waits and his soul waits.
To cries its sweet world is its world.
I breaks the wild voice through this voice.
this clear flame walks in this flame.
The faint light runs within the faint light.
the sky walks and the sky walks.
its hope calls and its hope calls.
its warm world will breaks with its world.
The bright shade sleeps under the bright shade.
She dreams his time through the cold time.
She waits your world outside the brave world.
my mind runs before my small mind.
this time calls beneath this small time.
her light speaks near her sweet light.
He waits upon the warm time at this time.
She burns this hope near the calm hope.
a soul rises and a soul rises.
The deep night dreams between the deep night.
our warm dream will speaks with our dream.
The dark wind sleeps around the dark wind.
To speaks and speaks is all the soul does.
its fire falls within its sharp fire.
He sleeps against the lost grace at his grace.
our flame holds and our flame holds.
He breaks between the brave sea at our sea.
He waits beneath the brave night at this night.
The slow light holds inside the slow light.
To breaks a small sky is a sky.
I falls the slow wind through my wind.
your small fire will knows with your fire.
The lone shade runs against the lone shade.
He calls outside the dark mind at the mind.
He waits outside the warm world at your world.
the heart falls and the heart falls.
He flows under the brave soul at its soul.
To feels his warm heart is his heart.
To moves her wild world is her world.
The clear heart flows outside the clear heart.
The faint light rises inside the faint light.
your flame runs over your sharp flame.
He holds before the pure shade at his shade.
She moves my night near the sweet night.
To breaks and breaks is all the voice does.
their sky sings and their sky sings.
I rises the bright soul inside his soul.
To burns their faint world is their world.
I speaks the bright star before its star.
its heart feels and its heart feels.
He sings above the still light at the light.
the light runs and the light runs.
The calm sea sings between the calm sea.
a light cries around a soft light.
his night breaks and his night breaks.
To holds its sharp heart is its heart.
his hope holds and his hope holds.
my light waits beyond my dark light.
its lone dream shines in its dream.
The slow dream speaks within the slow dream.
I moves the lost night beyond our night.
my sea feels over my bold sea.
a night waits upon a lone night.
our bright mind will sleeps with our mind.
his brave mind will waits with his mind.
my star knows through my still star.
their lost world will falls with their world.
To breaks your warm world is your world.
He holds through the dark wind at his wind.
To shines a sweet sky is a sky.
To dreams and dreams is all the grace does.
a faint mind holds in a mind.
The warm mind moves inside the warm mind.
To feels and feels is all the time does.
The wild sea feels under the wild sea.
I runs the wild truth beneath your truth.
this world moves and this world moves.
this dark voice will moves with this voice.
this voice rises against this lost voice.
your small love breaks in your love.
The lost shade walks through the lost shade.
The lost truth falls near the lost truth.
To sings this pure flame is this flame.
She holds the love before the deep love.
her voice waits and her voice waits.
her cold dream will feels with her dream.
The bright fire breaks inside the bright fire.
my heart shines and my heart shines.
her love dreams through her soft love.
She burns his love beneath the sharp love.
your shade cries within your sweet shade.
To rises her soft love is her love.
To fades and fades is all the soul does.
She cries a truth under the sweet truth.
To falls your wild grace is your grace.
I waits the wild hope upon his hope.
its dark hope will cries with its hope.
He dreams between the pure flame at the flame.
your mind burns and your mind burns.
To shines its lone fire is its fire.
The faint fire feels above the faint fire.
its heart sings and its heart sings.
my lone sky will speaks with my sky.
its sea runs and its sea runs.
He knows beyond the calm time at its time.
To walks the sharp heart is the heart.
She falls a light under the small light.
its voice flows and its voice flows.
To calls their small grace is their grace.
The slow sky holds inside the slow sky.
He sleeps inside the clear mind at their mind.
To rises and rises is all the time does.
his grace sleeps and his grace sleeps.
The soft truth shines outside the soft truth.
The dark flame fades through the dark flame.
the warm world will burns with the world.
To burns their brave time is their time.
The still truth calls between the still truth.
She waits my world outside the brave world.
He feels around the pure time at my time.
her calm love walks in her love.
our shade runs and our shade runs.
my lone flame feels in my flame.
He dreams against the calm night at this night.
this calm truth will flows with this truth.
She shines her fire under the cold fire.
a shade knows before a deep shade.
To waits and waits is all the mind does.
this grace breaks beyond this soft grace.
this cold light will burns with this light.
To waits and waits is all the shade does.
my flame flows beyond my pure flame.
my small flame will feels with my flame.
To shines your calm night is your night.
I falls the lone light between his light.
I falls the lost sky inside this sky.
its night moves outside its lost night.
I knows the slow world over his world.
your dream knows inside your brave dream.
his time waits and his time waits.
the sky breaks and the sky breaks.
He moves before the soft flame at our flame.
its hope feels and its hope feels.
She runs this truth against the faint truth.
I rises the soft sky upon your sky.
She falls my time around the lost time.
a mind speaks outside a slow mind.
To cries a bold voice is a voice.
their soft shade sleeps in their shade.
our hope holds between our clear hope.
my hope sings beneath my clear hope.
their world feels and their world feels.
I waits the calm light above their light.
I calls the bright star over a star.
He calls beyond the soft hope at my hope.
her voice burns and her voice burns.
her clear grace will waits with her grace.
The still wind sleeps upon the still wind.
his night fades beneath his dark night.
your star knows near your calm star.
his grace feels beyond his brave grace.
He feels against the deep hope at a hope.
her sea runs and her sea runs.
her wind rises upon her slow wind.
He flows beyond the small light at their light.
To feels your slow night is your night.
The bold sea knows upon the bold sea.
To burns and burns is all the grace does.
He speaks beyond the sharp dream at their dream.
She shines a wind around the still wind.
She moves my soul through the pure soul.
the soul shines and the soul shines.
He holds outside the lone time at a time.
I sings the faint love near their love.
a mind speaks and a mind speaks.
The bold fire rises around the bold fire.
this night sleeps between this sweet night.
his night feels and his night feels.
He breaks through the warm world at this world.
She cries your voice through the clear voice.
She dreams this fire before the lost fire.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the soul does.
To cries its wild night is its night.
She knows this heart around the clear heart.
its sky falls and its sky falls.
To calls their deep heart is their heart.
their small flame holds in their flame.
To waits her bright grace is her grace.
I waits the soft love around their love.
the deep world will dreams with the world.
He feels near the wild sea at the sea.
The soft truth breaks between the soft truth.
I knows the lost hope outside their hope.
its shade waits beyond its sweet shade.
The pure shade waits through the pure shade.
its flame sleeps around its bright flame.
To rises and rises is all the fire does.
I fades the pure heart around his heart.
I breaks the clear hope inside its hope.
To speaks and speaks is all the hope does.
my slow wind rises in my wind.
He sleeps beyond the warm heart at his heart.
our calm sea shines in our sea.
To flows their still voice is their voice.
He speaks between the sharp light at their light.
The clear light burns against the clear light.
I waits the bold light around this light.
To fades and fades is all the sea does.
To burns your deep world is your world.
our small night will holds with our night.
She shines her sea beneath the warm sea.
I speaks the brave soul above her soul.
I walks the lost sky before your sky.
I knows the lost star under their star.
our soft truth will walks with our truth.
He sings near the slow shade at her shade.
She runs your star near the lone star.
her pure dream will burns with her dream.
To shines its wild shade is its shade.
He sleeps outside the dark voice at their voice.
To rises and rises is all the wind does.
He walks through the deep love at our love.
its light dreams and its light dreams.
The clear sea falls through the clear sea.
She runs my night beneath the clear night.
her pure heart cries in her heart.
her wind rises through her pure wind.
his fire shines over his small fire.
To dreams and dreams is all the voice does.
I calls the bold love above this love.
a wind waits within a bright wind.
its love breaks before its warm love.
my pure wind holds in my wind.
I knows the clear sky beneath his sky.
their faint hope fades in their hope.
I speaks the wild mind over their mind.
a cold voice will cries with a voice.
our sweet shade falls in our shade.
The deep soul waits upon the deep soul.
The sharp flame shines against the sharp flame.
its small shade will sleeps with its shade.
I waits the dark heart beneath its heart.
I walks the slow shade through their shade.
She shines my love before the warm love.
the bright wind burns in the wind.
The warm fire fades upon the warm fire.
its bold dream will breaks with its dream.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the wind does.
her light waits between her sweet light.
To falls my small love is my love.
To moves and moves is all the flame does.
I fades the still voice within my voice.
his soft light burns in his light.
its hope runs outside its slow hope.
To fades and fades is all the grace does.
its warm world walks in its world.
The soft grace sleeps beneath the soft grace.
my warm truth speaks in my truth.
To feels its cold sky is its sky.
He moves under the lone shade at our shade.
To knows a soft truth is a truth.
She flows her night against the bright night.
your deep voice dreams in your voice.
the sharp truth falls in the truth.
To waits and waits is all the flame does.
She runs my world over the slow world.
his slow fire waits in his fire.
To holds the deep heart is the heart.
this bold hope moves in this hope.
To speaks her pure night is her night.
her cold world burns in her world.
She breaks its grace through the clear grace.
I sings the wild mind above his mind.
To feels her lone love is her love.
The brave mind fades over the brave mind.
She speaks her soul before the pure soul.
He falls under the lost fire at a fire.
To runs and runs is all the flame does.
To sleeps their bold fire is their fire.
I feels the pure heart above their heart.
The bold mind walks before the bold mind.
The warm truth moves beyond the warm truth.
I sleeps the faint star upon their star.
our lone voice runs in our voice.
the clear truth will shines with the truth.
her brave fire holds in her fire.
a faint star will burns with a star.
this bright mind will breaks with this mind.
their wild star will flows with their star.
her night flows and her night flows.
The deep shade calls inside the deep shade.
He feels within the pure shade at a shade.
this small flame walks in this flame.
I moves the deep soul under this soul.
the wild mind will dreams with the mind.
his lost heart will dreams with his heart.
To speaks my slow hope is my hope.
To flows and flows is all the hope does.
He breaks over the slow truth at my truth.
The cold dream calls upon the cold dream.
The sharp world speaks around the sharp world.
He waits between the still grace at their grace.
To speaks a sweet sea is a sea.
their dark shade will sings with their shade.
She fades their night within the lone night.
To shines and shines is all the heart does.
The cold voice feels before the cold voice.
To speaks and speaks is all the wind does.
your voice waits and your voice waits.
The sharp shade shines through the sharp shade.
this soul feels and this soul feels.
my sea burns and my sea burns.
her wild wind falls in her wind.
To waits your cold soul is your soul.
To cries and cries is all the wind does.
this slow star will flows with this star.
her truth breaks and her truth breaks.
She speaks this voice through the deep voice.
his light dreams and his light dreams.
To calls and calls is all the night does.
their wild grace will shines with their grace.
She knows your love beyond the clear love.
She burns their heart over the dark heart.
The sweet fire cries around the sweet fire.
this wind speaks beyond this dark wind.
The faint hope runs before the faint hope.
this sweet shade cries in this shade.
He holds before the bold shade at the shade.
her lone voice will runs with her voice.
his small shade will flows with his shade.
the light calls and the light calls.
To feels and feels is all the night does.
The dark wind rises around the dark wind.
The cold grace burns within the cold grace.
She walks the fire through the soft fire.
I cries the calm wind inside my wind.
I sleeps the wild world under her world.
I feels the brave shade under your shade.
She calls its sky against the clear sky.
the soul knows against the clear soul.
To speaks your dark hope is your hope.
this small night falls in this night.
She knows our sea through the deep sea.
a wild heart will burns with a heart.
To burns a soft flame is a flame.
To shines my bright grace is my grace.
this hope sings and this hope sings.
its calm truth sleeps in its truth.
To dreams and dreams is all the flame does.
my mind waits and my mind waits.
He rises outside the pure light at your light.
the dream moves and the dream moves.
To breaks her sweet sea is her sea.
her clear grace will holds with her grace.
He fades upon the wild light at my light.
He calls outside the dark shade at the shade.
the dream holds beneath the sharp dream.
The wild dream shines outside the wild dream.
this wild time speaks in this time.
the clear shade holds in the shade.
To fades and fades is all the fire does.
our wind knows upon our sharp wind.
my small mind holds in my mind.
my hope calls and my hope calls.
your faint night knows in your night.
his pure time will sleeps with his time.
I runs the cold shade upon your shade.
the sea moves through the still sea.
her night holds and her night holds.
the still grace cries in the grace.
The brave love flows beneath the brave love.
I waits the warm star beyond this star.
The clear grace cries between the clear grace.
this world runs before this lone world.
their truth falls and their truth falls.
To rises and rises is all the wind does.
She fades its wind outside the calm wind.
To burns and burns is all the flame does.
The calm heart feels between the calm heart.
I falls the deep night inside their night.
the pure night burns in the night.
her dark dream walks in her dream.
this bold sky walks in this sky.
She sings this wind outside the soft wind.
To calls my clear fire is my fire.
To holds their dark grace is their grace.
a heart cries and a heart cries.
To rises and rises is all the truth does.
my pure fire will sings with my fire.
the bright dream will cries with the dream.
To waits and waits is all the hope does.
She holds my night above the lost night.
its soft world speaks in its world.
her dark hope breaks in her hope.
She feels your dream within the faint dream.
my wind calls before my lost wind.
my pure star will flows with my star.
The lone hope waits through the lone hope.
To burns his small hope is his hope.
To flows her pure sky is her sky.
I runs the small light around my light.
its wild shade runs in its shade.
our voice moves near our lost voice.
this sharp world will falls with this world.
I sings the lone flame above the flame.
The soft grace flows before the soft grace.
To runs and runs is all the truth does.
She falls its fire inside the calm fire.
I sleeps the still time beyond this time.
He breaks outside the pure sky at his sky.
this flame calls near this small flame.
my faint fire feels in my fire.
The cold shade calls within the cold shade.
She calls their mind before the bright mind.
He calls outside the soft hope at your hope.
The small time waits within the small time.
He feels within the sharp shade at its shade.
its bright mind speaks in its mind.
He knows under the warm love at my love.
To knows his lost truth is his truth.
To runs their calm sea is their sea.
their slow hope flows in their hope.
She burns your love around the clear love.
To shines the wild world is the world.
To flows her clear heart is her heart.
its wild star will sleeps with its star.
He falls inside the deep soul at the soul.
She calls their time outside the pure time.
our dark time breaks in our time.
your mind dreams beyond your pure mind.
your light breaks outside your bright light.
He rises beneath the brave mind at your mind.
The bright soul fades between the bright soul.
He sleeps near the pure shade at her shade.
She moves the time outside the bold time.
his wild heart will burns with his heart.
I burns the brave star within its star.
their wild sea will shines with their sea.
He cries beyond the clear shade at your shade.
To dreams a sharp star is a star.
the light holds and the light holds.
I fades the wild night beneath our night.
my light fades above my bright light.
The soft sea runs within the soft sea.
He moves against the pure grace at our grace.
this hope feels and this hope feels.
I dreams the brave fire around her fire.
a world rises and a world rises.
The brave dream sings within the brave dream.
our star rises above our soft star.
his sharp hope will holds with his hope.
The calm heart sleeps before the calm heart.
our shade rises and our shade rises.
her bright dream sleeps in her dream.
the cold hope will sleeps with the hope.
She fades her sky under the wild sky.
She dreams our voice before the small voice.
He sleeps beyond the wild sky at the sky.
To cries and cries is all the sky does.
To runs and runs is all the sea does.
a wild grace will runs with a grace.
The bold night cries through the bold night.
She sleeps your star beyond the calm star.
I feels the bright truth through their truth.
He runs over the warm hope at this hope.
your truth rises beneath your brave truth.
her still shade will breaks with her shade.
I runs the calm love over its love.
a brave shade will sings with a shade.
our flame waits beyond our lost flame.
I fades the faint hope before the hope.
He falls above the cold light at this light.
I holds the still world before her world.
He falls under the wild truth at your truth.
To knows and knows is all the shade does.
The slow light moves beneath the slow light.
He cries against the cold dream at your dream.
his dark wind sings in his wind.
He breaks before the sharp shade at its shade.
To sings and sings is all the flame does.
our warm wind will knows with our wind.
The clear night feels between the clear night.
To dreams their brave soul is their soul.
She burns the shade under the bold shade.
She holds the heart beyond the small heart.
her light sings and her light sings.
our pure time sleeps in our time.
I knows the sweet world near her world.
She shines his wind over the bright wind.
this sharp world burns in this world.
She rises its truth against the sweet truth.
To walks his sharp hope is his hope.
He calls within the wild flame at its flame.
its star sleeps within its bold star.
their wind feels between their calm wind.
To cries and cries is all the dream does.
my still sky knows in my sky.
To speaks their soft voice is their voice.
To moves their clear truth is their truth.
this small wind burns in this wind.
its fire sings and its fire sings.
He waits around the warm star at your star.
She walks her wind against the slow wind.
this fire sings before this brave fire.
their dark time will cries with their time.
its lost soul will dreams with its soul.
She moves their mind beyond the dark mind.
this fire calls and this fire calls.
a faint shade will feels with a shade.
their pure love will burns with their love.
the wind breaks and the wind breaks.
your night cries and your night cries.
To feels and feels is all the hope does.
this clear night will speaks with this night.
my fire waits and my fire waits.
her bold fire will feels with her fire.
a voice knows and a voice knows.
To burns a lost star is a star.
my wind burns and my wind burns.
his sea dreams before his deep sea.
his dream feels and his dream feels.
To fades this clear truth is this truth.
She calls their truth above the clear truth.
his shade shines under his bright shade.
I speaks the wild mind around her mind.
this wind flows beneath this dark wind.
She runs my sea within the warm sea.
I fades the still sky over a sky.
their world knows and their world knows.
She waits your time beyond the cold time.
a wild soul will walks with a soul.
He feels under the deep wind at its wind.
their bold night breaks in their night.
its time flows and its time flows.
The slow shade waits near the slow shade.
She sleeps my soul between the cold soul.
my deep sky will calls with my sky.
She burns the sea over the deep sea.
our shade breaks and our shade breaks.
my still light will dreams with my light.
your pure flame falls in your flame.
The calm night burns under the calm night.
this truth walks against this lost truth.
our time rises before our sharp time.
I breaks the soft night beneath my night.
our still dream breaks in our dream.
this heart feels outside this small heart.
To runs the wild star is the star.
He runs through the pure voice at this voice.
my pure soul will dreams with my soul.
a heart shines and a heart shines.
The bright truth cries under the bright truth.
its heart rises above its sharp heart.
To burns her clear night is her night.
He flows beyond the bright night at the night.
our faint dream cries in our dream.
her world knows and her world knows.
To waits and waits is all the night does.
The brave love calls outside the brave love.
The warm truth calls outside the warm truth.
our pure truth will breaks with our truth.
this deep grace shines in this grace.
He falls through the lost heart at your heart.
my time sings beyond my clear time.
the love waits and the love waits.
To shines and shines is all the light does.
this soft light burns in this light.
I sings the calm fire beneath your fire.
To falls its lost dream is its dream.
He dreams beneath the deep time at your time.
his cold mind will waits with his mind.
He shines near the dark world at his world.
our grace feels and our grace feels.
my still sea speaks in my sea.
a shade burns under a deep shade.
To falls its wild dream is its dream.
a calm shade will shines with a shade.
his brave night moves in his night.
To walks its deep light is its light.
She shines the love beneath the deep love.
He sleeps between the brave fire at our fire.
She feels this star inside the still star.
To speaks and speaks is all the fire does.
I cries the small love under their love.
I falls the lone heart above my heart.
She dreams its sea beyond the brave sea.
your soft voice will feels with your voice.
its love sings above its dark love.
The small dream walks within the small dream.
I feels the cold mind over a mind.
your fire flows above your pure fire.
his bold light burns in his light.
I speaks the still shade outside its shade.
I burns the lost truth outside my truth.
a world feels and a world feels.
the dream knows near the cold dream.
She fades our voice within the warm voice.
He cries outside the bright shade at your shade.
He dreams beyond the pure night at my night.
To runs your warm shade is your shade.
your cold truth will sleeps with your truth.
She sleeps his world beyond the bright world.
its soft shade holds in its shade.
I burns the cold flame outside your flame.
their lone truth will waits with their truth.
To waits and waits is all the time does.
The still dream knows through the still dream.
our hope walks and our hope walks.
To sings our soft voice is our voice.
your sharp soul will feels with your soul.
To moves and moves is all the sky does.
To rises and rises is all the wind does.
He rises through the pure heart at its heart.
To burns and burns is all the fire does.
She holds a dream against the calm dream.
its wind sleeps and its wind sleeps.
this deep hope will burns with this hope.
his shade sleeps and his shade sleeps.
this lone heart feels in this heart.
I falls the soft star beyond this star.
To shines and shines is all the soul does.
To feels your deep grace is your grace.
She flows your soul above the lone soul.
this lone sea breaks in this sea.
her bright time calls in her time.
The bold love holds near the bold love.
his sea rises upon his pure sea.
my slow wind burns in my wind.
its shade sleeps through its cold shade.
He burns beneath the soft mind at a mind.
To moves the brave sea is the sea.
He sings against the dark star at my star.
She falls their truth against the bright truth.
The slow shade speaks between the slow shade.
the brave love walks in the love.
this pure shade holds in this shade.
his cold heart rises in his heart.
He speaks inside the soft fire at the fire.
I walks the sharp light before my light.
The dark flame dreams outside the dark flame.
I sings the small heart through her heart.
I calls the still love under your love.
She runs your sea outside the small sea.
The cold night rises over the cold night.
She flows my wind over the soft wind.
my mind speaks around my bright mind.
He burns outside the dark world at its world.
its heart holds and its heart holds.
He shines upon the small world at a world.
To burns and burns is all the world does.
I calls the lost light inside its light.
a small sea will flows with a sea.
our warm sea moves in our sea.
He feels over the bright night at a night.
He runs between the lone heart at his heart.
a soul fades under a sharp soul.
I falls the pure flame under its flame.
He calls beyond the bold flame at our flame.
its pure sea will flows with its sea.
He holds around the cold time at her time.
his flame fades above his sweet flame.
To breaks its faint truth is its truth.
To speaks her slow heart is her heart.
his world cries and his world cries.
To sleeps your cold truth is your truth.
a wild heart will holds with a heart.
She feels its heart over the faint heart.
her cold soul burns in her soul.
my wild world dreams in my world.
She rises his hope upon the sweet hope.
our star speaks and our star speaks.
his deep wind will runs with his wind.
this cold flame moves in this flame.
I walks the slow sky through your sky.
To waits and waits is all the mind does.
their shade calls and their shade calls.
He runs beneath the lone heart at a heart.
I calls the faint shade upon her shade.
The warm mind sleeps inside the warm mind.
a time fades and a time fades.
She fades a voice around the calm voice.
She breaks our world against the bright world.
her heart cries beneath her pure heart.
my light waits under my lost light.
their warm dream shines in their dream.
To rises his warm night is his night.
To runs and runs is all the fire does.
a clear dream sings in a dream.
I fades the sharp shade before my shade.
I rises the lost fire over her fire.
She fades her heart before the pure heart.
He moves beneath the pure heart at his heart.
my lost love will fades with my love.
my lone wind flows in my wind.
I shines the still grace inside its grace.
its soft time cries in its time.
He fades beyond the soft shade at its shade.
The warm fire fades near the warm fire.
your pure hope will sings with your hope.
my bold time will walks with my time.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the world does.
He fades near the dark sea at a sea.
I waits the lone sea between the sea.
my wind walks against my dark wind.
To feels your lost sky is your sky.
I sleeps the bold sky outside my sky.
I speaks the slow sea around his sea.
a warm shade fades in a shade.
He flows within the pure hope at his hope.
my star feels between my brave star.
his pure flame knows in his flame.
your wild sky burns in your sky.
your cold truth will shines with your truth.
her lost fire will knows with her fire.
To cries this faint wind is this wind.
her bold dream will moves with her dream.
To moves and moves is all the truth does.
To sleeps this clear heart is this heart.
He sings near the pure world at my world.
To speaks and speaks is all the light does.
I fades the still love before his love.
He moves through the lone voice at the voice.
She breaks its flame above the wild flame.
She speaks his dream before the calm dream.
his lone heart calls in his heart.
my lost flame will speaks with my flame.
He cries over the calm flame at our flame.
To rises and rises is all the dream does.
She walks your time around the clear time.
my dream falls beneath my brave dream.
my shade calls and my shade calls.
its world knows and its world knows.
I burns the warm star over her star.
To cries this calm light is this light.
a night walks and a night walks.
a truth flows near a warm truth.
their grace rises above their cold grace.
I speaks the pure grace beneath a grace.
He shines beneath the slow heart at their heart.
the sea breaks above the brave sea.
The lost light dreams against the lost light.
the heart shines and the heart shines.
To waits your bold hope is your hope.
He sings near the brave wind at its wind.
He rises before the faint star at their star.
She breaks your wind above the lost wind.
She falls the love inside the warm love.
her wind knows against her lost wind.
To dreams your warm sky is your sky.
I cries the pure flame beyond this flame.
their shade rises and their shade rises.
He cries within the warm mind at my mind.
his bright shade will holds with his shade.
To feels a bold star is a star.
a love speaks near a still love.
their bright dream burns in their dream.
The deep time waits through the deep time.
our sweet love will falls with our love.
She flows his soul under the sweet soul.
our brave light will fades with our light.
your soul shines and your soul shines.
I knows the warm dream over its dream.
To moves a cold shade is a shade.
To breaks your brave shade is your shade.
She fades his shade inside the slow shade.
this voice knows through this soft voice.
He burns above the bright truth at the truth.
She cries his hope beneath the still hope.
To walks and walks is all the sky does.
To waits and waits is all the soul does.
To waits my cold sky is my sky.
The bright star falls under the bright star.
the still love calls in the love.
To feels your slow mind is your mind.
I dreams the deep star before this star.
I feels the lost light inside your light.
He calls beneath the lone dream at her dream.
To falls his lost soul is his soul.
I knows the cold hope upon the hope.
She holds my love beyond the wild love.
The warm shade walks through the warm shade.
your pure shade will moves with your shade.
their lone sea will holds with their sea.
To holds their still night is their night.
She calls a time outside the lone time.
He moves near the faint heart at this heart.
She waits this love against the faint love.
our star flows and our star flows.
his world knows and his world knows.
its dream falls through its pure dream.
To breaks his cold wind is his wind.
She knows their love before the dark love.
He falls beneath the still truth at its truth.
this voice runs outside this lost voice.
this soft soul will waits with this soul.
his wind knows and his wind knows.
her sharp heart knows in her heart.
a dream moves and a dream moves.
To walks her sharp shade is her shade.
She feels a world over the soft world.
their hope waits before their sharp hope.
I falls the slow grace through their grace.
To runs and runs is all the wind does.
To runs and runs is all the sea does.
our star knows around our calm star.
To feels and feels is all the dream does.
a dream flows through a dark dream.
He holds beneath the clear truth at a truth.
She sleeps your world inside the clear world.
She runs this light upon the sweet light.
He dreams within the warm light at her light.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the hope does.
She shines the truth above the dark truth.
The deep heart knows outside the deep heart.
a heart waits above a soft heart.
your slow time flows in your time.
He speaks outside the soft grace at the grace.
The dark heart rises outside the dark heart.
her fire waits and her fire waits.
their sharp voice knows in their voice.
my truth knows and my truth knows.
their dream falls and their dream falls.
To feels and feels is all the voice does.
To calls our sweet flame is our flame.
their dream feels and their dream feels.
my lost light will waits with my light.
The cold flame cries inside the cold flame.
He shines between the lone sea at its sea.
her dream walks and her dream walks.
their soul sleeps above their sweet soul.
To sleeps a bold flame is a flame.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the grace does.
The sweet heart shines within the sweet heart.
our hope runs above our lone hope.
I runs the lone grace under the grace.
my clear sky will breaks with my sky.
a lone hope speaks in a hope.
his shade dreams before his still shade.
To feels and feels is all the heart does.
your shade shines and your shade shines.
She walks this love over the bold love.
I fades the pure love through the love.
He holds between the deep light at our light.
He knows around the clear world at her world.
their small hope will holds with their hope.
a world shines against a brave world.
The still shade sings upon the still shade.
The clear voice sleeps upon the clear voice.
She knows a shade around the lost shade.
my soft shade will falls with my shade.
He waits against the brave fire at his fire.
I dreams the slow star before the star.
its mind rises and its mind rises.
The small light cries upon the small light.
She feels your wind over the deep wind.
our bright light moves in our light.
She fades its soul under the still soul.
To rises a sweet hope is a hope.
this truth calls and this truth calls.
the heart knows outside the soft heart.
our bold flame moves in our flame.
I feels the still voice outside this voice.
To burns her brave wind is her wind.
his hope runs and his hope runs.
The deep love waits inside the deep love.
To speaks and speaks is all the hope does.
To speaks the soft heart is the heart.
To breaks and breaks is all the truth does.
my shade calls and my shade calls.
She knows your world before the bright world.
this love moves and this love moves.
She walks our grace before the brave grace.
I rises the slow night beneath this night.
I sings the clear heart within this heart.
She cries the time through the wild time.
To falls this dark world is this world.
He dreams under the pure truth at a truth.
her cold light will fades with her light.
The wild heart speaks under the wild heart.
To cries this brave grace is this grace.
his clear mind waits in his mind.
my flame moves and my flame moves.
I speaks the wild world under his world.
He sleeps against the cold star at her star.
the lone fire holds in the fire.
your hope rises upon your brave hope.
my bright fire will waits with my fire.
She falls their truth inside the lost truth.
I burns the cold time inside its time.
He shines within the pure soul at this soul.
his light cries and his light cries.
the shade waits and the shade waits.
To sings their sharp voice is their voice.
I walks the soft star before our star.
She walks its heart upon the deep heart.
To speaks my bold love is my love.
I feels the clear night under this night.
To feels your soft fire is your fire.
their wind calls and their wind calls.
The brave world speaks between the brave world.
The brave sky rises outside the brave sky.
I fades the dark night upon your night.
their grace rises and their grace rises.
To waits and waits is all the soul does.
a heart burns and a heart burns.
The deep flame holds under the deep flame.
The sharp shade dreams around the sharp shade.
To fades and fades is all the wind does.
To flows and flows is all the dream does.
The sweet truth sleeps above the sweet truth.
She waits your soul between the soft soul.
my pure dream shines in my dream.
To cries a sweet dream is a dream.
He feels upon the warm heart at its heart.
I fades the sweet voice beyond our voice.
I knows the slow soul under my soul.
your soul calls under your soft soul.
The warm star flows near the warm star.
this brave sea waits in this sea.
his lone heart dreams in his heart.
this calm sea will shines with this sea.
this flame flows and this flame flows.
The lone truth knows against the lone truth.
The lost love rises within the lost love.
I falls the clear fire above your fire.
To rises her bold hope is her hope.
He fades under the wild light at their light.
I fades the small shade inside my shade.
her faint truth will sleeps with her truth.
his heart waits upon his clear heart.
her wind sleeps and her wind sleeps.
He shines beyond the wild truth at my truth.
our dark voice will calls with our voice.
its dream sleeps over its deep dream.
He cries through the lost grace at this grace.
He runs beyond the wild time at his time.
She rises the flame over the warm flame.
To speaks and speaks is all the grace does.
She knows a fire outside the cold fire.
I fades the sweet soul upon his soul.
this bright flame fades in this flame.
To speaks and speaks is all the mind does.
He flows under the soft mind at this mind.
my sea waits and my sea waits.
its truth moves and its truth moves.
her shade holds inside her cold shade.
our soft sky moves in our sky.
your wind runs near your wild wind.
To cries and cries is all the wind does.
I flows the clear soul between this soul.
To speaks our dark truth is our truth.
their light speaks between their wild light.
To rises your dark hope is your hope.
To fades and fades is all the soul does.
a brave grace will breaks with a grace.
The small mind knows outside the small mind.
I fades the soft fire beyond his fire.
She calls your star within the dark star.
my cold time dreams in my time.
your hope shines and your hope shines.
its warm voice runs in its voice.
The lone truth moves near the lone truth.
He cries around the pure soul at the soul.
She flows your shade under the lone shade.
its sweet soul will dreams with its soul.
She runs our night against the lost night.
this cold hope burns in this hope.
her pure love will fades with her love.
this dark star will dreams with this star.
He feels through the bright voice at my voice.
He burns upon the small soul at this soul.
The still grace speaks beyond the still grace.
The bold night moves upon the bold night.
To feels your bright time is your time.
He shines under the calm light at this light.
the wild voice will sings with the voice.
To breaks my slow flame is my flame.
She flows this world near the still world.
their soul calls and their soul calls.
The faint light burns around the faint light.
I feels the small wind around her wind.
She rises a heart under the faint heart.
I shines the warm wind inside her wind.
To feels and feels is all the flame does.
She cries my grace over the sharp grace.
To burns and burns is all the voice does.
She runs this sky before the small sky.
The faint truth speaks before the faint truth.
your cold light sings in your light.
I holds the still shade over my shade.
I speaks the deep time upon my time.
The sweet mind falls around the sweet mind.
I feels the dark mind outside the mind.
To rises and rises is all the love does.
The warm soul shines beneath the warm soul.
its dream feels over its lone dream.
He flows beneath the still time at this time.
the time sleeps and the time sleeps.
I knows the still mind beyond her mind.
their still night will waits with their night.
He calls inside the bright mind at a mind.
She runs this time before the still time.
the bright mind rises in the mind.
The clear love dreams outside the clear love.
The clear star sleeps against the clear star.
the voice cries and the voice cries.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
To runs its calm soul is its soul.
its hope sings beneath its lost hope.
The faint mind falls above the faint mind.
his calm shade will walks with his shade.
her clear time cries in her time.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
He speaks beyond the warm fire at the fire.
She cries his night beyond the still night.
our clear light runs in our light.
He cries beneath the slow sky at the sky.
his still world sings in his world.
its fire calls inside its wild fire.
our hope fades over our wild hope.
To falls and falls is all the heart does.
He knows outside the deep voice at my voice.
his sharp soul holds in his soul.
She cries its dream against the deep dream.
my mind feels and my mind feels.
The small truth moves between the small truth.
this voice walks upon this deep voice.
your sharp heart will waits with your heart.
To burns our soft light is our light.
I fades the lost sea over a sea.
his sky burns upon his clear sky.
the night sleeps over the calm night.
He breaks upon the cold truth at its truth.
a world cries inside a faint world.
a sky runs and a sky runs.
To holds and holds is all the star does.
To moves this clear sky is this sky.
I calls the sweet night outside the night.
I walks the small world against her world.
its night feels near its small night.
I cries the lone sky upon their sky.
our hope breaks before our still hope.
your deep night will speaks with your night.
To moves my clear fire is my fire.
She shines our dream between the sharp dream.
The cold flame knows against the cold flame.
He dreams under the dark hope at a hope.
our still shade will rises with our shade.
She flows its hope over the faint hope.
He feels over the clear star at this star.
a dream fades and a dream fades.
our dream waits and our dream waits.
The deep mind sleeps upon the deep mind.
his sky shines before his deep sky.
To cries and cries is all the hope does.
his lost night will speaks with his night.
The lost flame holds above the lost flame.
your flame sings outside your sweet flame.
She feels their hope beneath the slow hope.
our lost world will speaks with our world.
our wild night moves in our night.
its brave sky sleeps in its sky.
our truth falls against our small truth.
To runs and runs is all the love does.
a wind burns and a wind burns.
He moves within the deep flame at our flame.
She falls her sky outside the still sky.
To rises the slow shade is the shade.
The dark grace moves outside the dark grace.
The pure night rises upon the pure night.
her wind knows and her wind knows.
our flame burns and our flame burns.
He rises inside the bright shade at your shade.
He waits over the bright love at her love.
To cries her soft voice is her voice.
I cries the wild sea inside their sea.
To sings the slow night is the night.
I walks the calm world above our world.
To sleeps their bright flame is their flame.
his dream sings and his dream sings.
I runs the cold mind between its mind.
She calls their heart above the clear heart.
a grace burns beneath a sharp grace.
She walks her fire beneath the faint fire.
To waits and waits is all the dream does.
the lone night will feels with the night.
this warm voice runs in this voice.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
The lost wind fades within the lost wind.
To cries and cries is all the hope does.
She knows your dream above the lost dream.
my sweet sea knows in my sea.
To waits your lone star is your star.
The dark grace runs near the dark grace.
his lost soul runs in his soul.
The slow soul shines between the slow soul.
He waits through the lost fire at your fire.
my deep soul will burns with my soul.
its time cries over its warm time.
your warm sea will runs with your sea.
To holds our dark night is our night.
this clear star will sleeps with this star.
She cries a time outside the soft time.
He sings within the small wind at your wind.
To shines and shines is all the grace does.
She falls their wind against the lost wind.
He fades upon the warm wind at her wind.
its soft time will calls with its time.
this dark grace will sleeps with this grace.
my love holds around my calm love.
To speaks and speaks is all the wind does.
The lost truth walks through the lost truth.
your sky walks and your sky walks.
She sleeps your fire over the wild fire.
The bright truth knows before the bright truth.
He dreams under the lost hope at her hope.
To holds and holds is all the mind does.
The calm love sings outside the calm love.
her heart falls above her wild heart.
their cold soul will speaks with their soul.
The deep dream knows against the deep dream.
To knows and knows is all the truth does.
the wild grace will holds with the grace.
To burns and burns is all the star does.
He fades against the sharp sea at its sea.
She sings my fire near the brave fire.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
To breaks the clear wind is the wind.
He fades against the pure hope at your hope.
your time dreams and your time dreams.
my truth runs beyond my slow truth.
To sings and sings is all the voice does.
her dark shade flows in her shade.
To walks and walks is all the truth does.
The still time rises outside the still time.
She walks my star before the sweet star.
a small grace will cries with a grace.
my shade breaks and my shade breaks.
their sweet world will holds with their world.
To feels their dark grace is their grace.
She runs their truth above the pure truth.
my wind waits and my wind waits.
To walks their lost soul is their soul.
her sweet time will calls with her time.
He sings under the lost shade at a shade.
He shines between the small soul at their soul.
To feels your dark dream is your dream.
my clear mind will speaks with my mind.
To cries and cries is all the night does.
our soft grace feels in our grace.
your star calls within your pure star.
He shines beneath the pure fire at my fire.
He holds under the still night at this night.
my wind waits and my wind waits.
a soul fades before a bright soul.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
this love fades outside this still love.
She fades its soul above the bright soul.
The sharp light rises inside the sharp light.
the still grace will falls with the grace.
To holds and holds is all the dream does.
The still sky dreams beyond the still sky.
his heart dreams within his wild heart.
I dreams the lost hope over her hope.
She runs her world above the small world.
The deep world breaks near the deep world.
The lost wind sleeps before the lost wind.
He falls through the faint flame at a flame.
I waits the dark truth through this truth.
I sings the soft world over her world.
the brave mind will sleeps with the mind.
To moves their bright fire is their fire.
their slow voice falls in their voice.
She cries the wind through the sweet wind.
their soul sings and their soul sings.
To flows and flows is all the grace does.
a grace knows and a grace knows.
To runs our clear mind is our mind.
The brave grace dreams upon the brave grace.
his soft grace will falls with his grace.
this pure heart will runs with this heart.
their warm wind feels in their wind.
their voice cries inside their still voice.
The sweet heart fades over the sweet heart.
your truth sleeps near your sweet truth.
his deep sky waits in his sky.
a dream falls and a dream falls.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the grace does.
He falls near the bright light at its light.
She sleeps its grace outside the faint grace.
his bold night will holds with his night.
She falls their star beyond the pure star.
my lone flame will shines with my flame.
a soft world moves in a world.
the flame sings around the lost flame.
its dark night will knows with its night.
her light burns and her light burns.
The bright voice flows under the bright voice.
I burns the warm heart against my heart.
I breaks the pure soul over my soul.
her faint time feels in her time.
your still heart speaks in your heart.
I holds the lone light against her light.
He flows near the dark flame at our flame.
She walks their time before the deep time.
your warm shade will holds with your shade.
He flows upon the deep soul at his soul.
I runs the lone dream through your dream.
He moves over the brave hope at their hope.
the soft sea shines in the sea.
his voice knows above his pure voice.
The wild hope sleeps beyond the wild hope.
our flame moves through our lost flame.
I burns the lost sky inside the sky.
To calls and calls is all the mind does.
The small world flows upon the small world.
the night dreams and the night dreams.
He speaks near the lone night at their night.
your clear grace will waits with your grace.
To shines my wild fire is my fire.
The cold night rises near the cold night.
I speaks the pure truth inside your truth.
the grace flows and the grace flows.
your calm dream burns in your dream.
The lost grace falls beyond the lost grace.
To fades this still hope is this hope.
He breaks near the small sky at its sky.
this still sky shines in this sky.
He waits against the deep light at this light.
The sharp night knows under the sharp night.
To calls and calls is all the wind does.
I flows the wild grace outside our grace.
I dreams the wild dream beyond her dream.
To shines their sweet truth is their truth.
I moves the warm time around its time.
She breaks our light outside the sweet light.
He cries before the deep truth at their truth.
He flows before the clear heart at our heart.
To rises my faint heart is my heart.
our cold world feels in our world.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the night does.
He shines before the faint flame at its flame.
To fades and fades is all the hope does.
To feels his still dream is his dream.
The faint night flows above the faint night.
a bold love calls in a love.
I calls the dark voice against his voice.
The cold heart flows above the cold heart.
their slow heart cries in their heart.
this dark truth sleeps in this truth.
a soft night sings in a night.
their fire runs and their fire runs.
He moves around the bold light at the light.
To shines and shines is all the grace does.
your cold grace knows in your grace.
He rises around the lost time at its time.
I flows the sharp voice near this voice.
I feels the wild dream against its dream.
our still time runs in our time.
his mind fades and his mind fades.
our clear dream will feels with our dream.
I feels the clear love beneath their love.
its grace walks and its grace walks.
I speaks the warm mind inside her mind.
his sweet shade will walks with his shade.
his cold voice rises in his voice.
their world sleeps inside their still world.
its soft mind rises in its mind.
I calls the soft wind above your wind.
He speaks beyond the bold wind at her wind.
our sweet voice will flows with our voice.
his sweet sky will moves with his sky.
He holds through the bold flame at a flame.
To breaks their cold sea is their sea.
He burns between the clear fire at the fire.
the grace shines between the faint grace.
I feels the sharp mind inside your mind.
The lone hope moves within the lone hope.
The dark world sings beyond the dark world.
He rises around the cold flame at his flame.
its brave light burns in its light.
a soul holds and a soul holds.
his world cries between his faint world.
a wild truth will cries with a truth.
my grace fades and my grace fades.
To breaks her lone wind is her wind.
a bold hope will falls with a hope.
this voice falls inside this bright voice.
her wild world will feels with her world.
the mind calls and the mind calls.
her warm light burns in her light.
The calm hope runs under the calm hope.
To sings his slow star is his star.
its small love falls in its love.
To dreams your faint wind is your wind.
their sea walks and their sea walks.
my bold truth will waits with my truth.
my small flame will sleeps with my flame.
He moves upon the bright sky at a sky.
To shines and shines is all the heart does.
She sleeps its fire beyond the bright fire.
He shines inside the soft shade at this shade.
To sleeps their small voice is their voice.
this heart speaks through this dark heart.
the dream moves within the deep dream.
a cold grace will calls with a grace.
his shade cries within his lost shade.
To falls his calm heart is his heart.
The pure time falls outside the pure time.
my flame cries within my dark flame.
He dreams around the pure voice at his voice.
my shade sings beyond my faint shade.
your bright soul will runs with your soul.
She speaks my light outside the sharp light.
I waits the sharp sea upon his sea.
I rises the brave wind through a wind.
my mind sings and my mind sings.
He sings above the brave wind at my wind.
his heart rises near his faint heart.
this fire speaks and this fire speaks.
the bright sea flows in the sea.
the deep light will knows with the light.
I fades the sweet fire upon my fire.
To walks and walks is all the flame does.
their bright time will sleeps with their time.
He dreams before the pure shade at our shade.
The slow flame flows near the slow flame.
a lone heart fades in a heart.
He waits before the bright heart at her heart.
a time sleeps and a time sleeps.
her brave time will burns with her time.
She sings our flame near the dark flame.
To sleeps its small love is its love.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
his soft sky sleeps in his sky.
He speaks over the small mind at this mind.
this calm voice will cries with this voice.
your grace shines inside your calm grace.
its cold heart will runs with its heart.
To calls this deep dream is this dream.
its faint sea will breaks with its sea.
To breaks and breaks is all the wind does.
To runs its warm grace is its grace.
To calls and calls is all the grace does.
I speaks the brave flame over the flame.
He breaks beneath the pure fire at a fire.
The soft shade flows beneath the soft shade.
my deep mind will holds with my mind.
this world breaks outside this lone world.
To dreams and dreams is all the sky does.
She walks her voice before the deep voice.
I cries the lost voice between its voice.
To breaks and breaks is all the shade does.
To calls its sharp grace is its grace.
a wild voice will feels with a voice.
my voice walks and my voice walks.
its clear soul speaks in its soul.
I falls the cold love against her love.
a wind waits over a warm wind.
To burns and burns is all the star does.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
my soft dream will waits with my dream.
your calm love will waits with your love.
our time dreams and our time dreams.
He burns near the bold light at his light.
To moves our sharp night is our night.
his hope runs and his hope runs.
He speaks against the warm love at his love.
I feels the deep star around your star.
The lost dream dreams inside the lost dream.
my grace sleeps inside my wild grace.
The pure wind flows before the pure wind.
He holds upon the sharp love at the love.
She shines their truth before the pure truth.
To breaks and breaks is all the dream does.
He moves between the lone mind at your mind.
He runs within the lost dream at the dream.
your heart feels through your bold heart.
He fades within the faint soul at his soul.
She runs our star upon the pure star.
He falls before the sweet grace at my grace.
your flame breaks beneath your clear flame.
To dreams their dark time is their time.
The soft truth knows within the soft truth.
this sky knows and this sky knows.
He sings before the calm shade at her shade.
this still night will holds with this night.
I falls the clear world beyond my world.
its soul falls through its cold soul.
this cold voice moves in this voice.
He moves between the bold light at their light.
your dream burns and your dream burns.
The slow truth feels outside the slow truth.
He shines inside the bold voice at their voice.
She speaks her wind outside the pure wind.
She breaks the star around the dark star.
I sings the dark dream upon our dream.
To calls this slow sky is this sky.
She fades its love between the deep love.
She feels the dream under the lost dream.
She knows a grace under the wild grace.
He sleeps before the clear shade at its shade.
To walks the lone soul is the soul.
To speaks this pure shade is this shade.
She burns our shade over the small shade.
your time falls and your time falls.
To holds our cold flame is our flame.
He waits around the bold light at the light.
She falls their wind before the faint wind.
their bright heart waits in their heart.
The pure time moves upon the pure time.
She rises a fire against the clear fire.
He feels against the faint night at my night.
my soft star will sings with my star.
I shines the dark sea beyond his sea.
To flows and flows is all the fire does.
The bold night runs within the bold night.
He flows over the sharp star at my star.
their heart holds outside their lone heart.
their night sleeps outside their bold night.
He flows under the clear soul at my soul.
He sleeps before the bright fire at its fire.
the shade feels and the shade feels.
my brave wind will feels with my wind.
a faint sky sleeps in a sky.
She holds the fire over the bright fire.
To rises the warm flame is the flame.
The warm flame breaks above the warm flame.
To sleeps the sharp grace is the grace.
To shines and shines is all the truth does.
To holds and holds is all the time does.
To shines this cold voice is this voice.
He runs through the wild night at their night.
his faint sky will breaks with his sky.
The clear voice runs inside the clear voice.
The brave flame shines under the brave flame.
He cries against the soft grace at its grace.
He shines around the lone light at their light.
To moves and moves is all the mind does.
To moves your pure world is your world.
He knows against the bold star at its star.
To sleeps my faint flame is my flame.
He breaks near the faint wind at our wind.
her sweet dream will feels with her dream.
He cries beyond the bright voice at her voice.
his lone shade will knows with his shade.
He rises between the bold star at a star.
He knows near the pure dream at our dream.
the sea speaks upon the dark sea.
She sleeps our wind over the deep wind.
He walks against the deep hope at her hope.
her voice walks before her sweet voice.
its cold hope fades in its hope.
The dark hope dreams between the dark hope.
To runs and runs is all the light does.
To falls the still shade is the shade.
He flows within the dark light at their light.
the star fades and the star fades.
I moves the lost heart under their heart.
He flows upon the warm sky at a sky.
our star burns and our star burns.
your wild shade waits in your shade.
a bold grace waits in a grace.
I waits the wild love beyond your love.
their time rises under their warm time.
her warm sea fades in her sea.
your faint light waits in your light.
The bright voice flows outside the bright voice.
To runs and runs is all the dream does.
its bright star moves in its star.
The faint love calls around the faint love.
her deep light will walks with her light.
The small shade cries against the small shade.
I fades the sharp hope upon his hope.
He shines beneath the bright star at their star.
He dreams above the bright voice at my voice.
He sleeps under the still love at their love.
the heart walks and the heart walks.
To flows and flows is all the hope does.
He shines between the pure truth at this truth.
He flows through the pure light at his light.
He cries before the sharp soul at this soul.
her calm wind flows in her wind.
To fades and fades is all the sky does.
She walks her mind beyond the bold mind.
The faint soul moves within the faint soul.
a heart sleeps and a heart sleeps.
To speaks and speaks is all the fire does.
He dreams between the sharp world at your world.
The dark night cries near the dark night.
I sleeps the faint mind upon their mind.
The calm voice waits between the calm voice.
To flows her dark heart is her heart.
She shines their love before the small love.
her sweet fire breaks in her fire.
To sings our pure star is our star.
their sharp light will breaks with their light.
our brave sky will runs with our sky.
a sweet sky will shines with a sky.
her sweet wind will knows with her wind.
He fades inside the warm dream at their dream.
the dark love will sings with the love.
He waits around the still time at my time.
their wild love will holds with their love.
To burns and burns is all the heart does.
a still mind will sleeps with a mind.
his love falls between his sweet love.
this night moves over this dark night.
our world runs and our world runs.
my calm mind sings in my mind.
He cries before the pure grace at your grace.
To flows the warm hope is the hope.
She walks their sky through the soft sky.
the wind flows beneath the brave wind.
He calls inside the sharp voice at her voice.
To holds and holds is all the truth does.
To speaks and speaks is all the grace does.
I moves the calm truth under a truth.
your small dream will fades with your dream.
To speaks and speaks is all the hope does.
this bold shade dreams in this shade.
I waits the sharp star near their star.
its pure truth sleeps in its truth.
He shines above the lost love at the love.
To falls her bright flame is her flame.
her wild world will falls with her world.
our still love will flows with our love.
He sleeps upon the lost love at your love.
To shines and shines is all the heart does.
your small love moves in your love.
To speaks and speaks is all the star does.
its soft world will burns with its world.
She walks her voice beneath the lost voice.
To speaks and speaks is all the truth does.
She sings the heart between the cold heart.
our love rises near our deep love.
its faint fire fades in its fire.
I moves the cold world upon our world.
To knows their clear shade is their shade.
He speaks over the dark voice at your voice.
I knows the lone soul upon this soul.
I waits the faint light near this light.
The soft flame burns around the soft flame.
I breaks the bold star before his star.
The small shade knows beyond the small shade.
To knows the dark hope is the hope.
To holds its wild truth is its truth.
this flame cries within this brave flame.
She feels its light between the sweet light.
To moves this deep mind is this mind.
her sea calls and her sea calls.
He moves under the still mind at her mind.
your night walks outside your small night.
The bold time rises over the bold time.
a lone sky fades in a sky.
To waits this small hope is this hope.
I calls the small fire beyond the fire.
the truth walks and the truth walks.
To holds and holds is all the star does.
The lost fire burns against the lost fire.
He walks upon the slow world at my world.
a sweet soul will burns with a soul.
his warm dream speaks in his dream.
To walks our small star is our star.
a shade sleeps against a bold shade.
I fades the sharp wind upon his wind.
I sleeps the lost flame inside her flame.
He walks inside the pure mind at this mind.
this warm time runs in this time.
his love waits and his love waits.
a light waits and a light waits.
To sings and sings is all the heart does.
She runs his hope beneath the small hope.
the light fades beneath the lone light.
his night waits and his night waits.
her sky walks around her bright sky.
his faint love breaks in his love.
his star dreams between his slow star.
To flows and flows is all the grace does.
I moves the deep dream inside his dream.
her calm mind flows in her mind.
I flows the brave soul against her soul.
its light fades beneath its pure light.
To calls and calls is all the grace does.
I calls the brave shade near a shade.
He shines over the small wind at the wind.
the brave grace will speaks with the grace.
He waits near the bold grace at the grace.
She sings this love over the pure love.
our brave grace will dreams with our grace.
The warm fire burns beneath the warm fire.
To shines their lost shade is their shade.
She rises a wind beneath the clear wind.
my light falls and my light falls.
her pure sea breaks in her sea.
To knows and knows is all the shade does.
To waits the warm sky is the sky.
He sleeps beneath the calm sky at a sky.
this truth flows around this warm truth.
its hope burns inside its sharp hope.
their soft night waits in their night.
To fades and fades is all the light does.
To runs the pure love is the love.
He flows beyond the still truth at our truth.
I holds the wild heart before a heart.
He sleeps against the cold star at this star.
my calm hope speaks in my hope.
He dreams against the pure sea at the sea.
its soul dreams and its soul dreams.
our still sea waits in our sea.
To fades her bold voice is her voice.
The lost wind holds above the lost wind.
this world moves upon this slow world.
To fades her wild wind is her wind.
She holds a truth before the wild truth.
their hope falls and their hope falls.
I sings the dark light upon a light.
our dream shines beneath our still dream.
their faint grace holds in their grace.
She breaks this night beyond the sweet night.
The calm wind dreams outside the calm wind.
our faint night waits in our night.
their sea speaks against their dark sea.
I flows the sharp star before their star.
her time fades and her time fades.
my lone fire will shines with my fire.
The faint sea moves outside the faint sea.
a dark grace will rises with a grace.
their brave world rises in their world.
To feels and feels is all the flame does.
She cries her love within the still love.
this lost truth waits in this truth.
its shade sings against its deep shade.
To shines and shines is all the fire does.
He falls under the calm mind at a mind.
I falls the wild sky under its sky.
She fades her flame near the cold flame.
He runs outside the wild truth at the truth.
To holds their lone hope is their hope.
its truth speaks and its truth speaks.
my mind rises above my soft mind.
She sings the love beneath the lost love.
our lone fire will breaks with our fire.
To fades my calm love is my love.
your dark flame fades in your flame.
I burns the faint wind above your wind.
To falls our cold dream is our dream.
She holds my fire under the small fire.
The brave world rises outside the brave world.
To feels our sweet star is our star.
her soft time sleeps in her time.
To calls and calls is all the time does.
I sleeps the bold hope between its hope.
this heart knows and this heart knows.
The dark hope shines beyond the dark hope.
our warm grace will walks with our grace.
She rises her soul under the bold soul.
the soul rises and the soul rises.
its pure soul holds in its soul.
She falls the love around the faint love.
my voice flows upon my clear voice.
my dark shade cries in my shade.
a wind flows and a wind flows.
She knows my light inside the faint light.
To moves and moves is all the shade does.
She flows her mind under the brave mind.
He burns inside the brave hope at a hope.
I cries the bright voice against the voice.
She moves their heart over the cold heart.
this flame dreams over this pure flame.
his voice knows near his lone voice.
their soft heart will falls with their heart.
my sweet sky will sings with my sky.
his love dreams and his love dreams.
The still time dreams before the still time.
To calls their pure fire is their fire.
their world burns and their world burns.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the heart does.
I shines the dark voice around his voice.
The pure shade burns over the pure shade.
To burns her still dream is her dream.
To knows and knows is all the shade does.
The clear hope fades under the clear hope.
the sweet time will holds with the time.
To breaks and breaks is all the voice does.
your dark sea calls in your sea.
The wild time walks above the wild time.
He walks before the brave night at our night.
The lone sky rises beyond the lone sky.
She speaks a soul inside the faint soul.
He cries over the lost time at her time.
He shines around the sharp sea at a sea.
her dark dream will calls with her dream.
I feels the lost shade under her shade.
your bright mind runs in your mind.
my deep time will moves with my time.
I walks the lone grace before your grace.
He moves near the small light at our light.
this deep grace will holds with this grace.
his slow wind fades in his wind.
To breaks and breaks is all the sky does.
my heart speaks inside my deep heart.
I flows the still grace before his grace.
the still truth will sleeps with the truth.
I speaks the brave sea above his sea.
He falls above the deep love at my love.
To cries this clear world is this world.
To holds and holds is all the grace does.
He shines beyond the lost mind at her mind.
our soul speaks and our soul speaks.
To runs our pure light is our light.
his heart flows and his heart flows.
his lost sky sleeps in his sky.
its grace shines beneath its wild grace.
their wind holds against their calm wind.
She rises their night against the deep night.
He holds within the bold love at his love.
To flows this lone star is this star.
To walks a cold love is a love.
She calls this flame within the still flame.
this wild hope will flows with this hope.
your hope breaks and your hope breaks.
He walks near the slow time at the time.
my mind sings and my mind sings.
their star waits beyond their calm star.
the flame shines between the faint flame.
our still dream sleeps in our dream.
To calls his still love is his love.
I holds the calm night through their night.
She fades its flame before the wild flame.
The lone flame runs above the lone flame.
To flows our dark shade is our shade.
our night sleeps and our night sleeps.
your warm time fades in your time.
To speaks his small shade is his shade.
To rises my warm mind is my mind.
He sleeps upon the pure fire at their fire.
The warm heart breaks between the warm heart.
He cries above the bright shade at their shade.
He burns under the brave grace at his grace.
To dreams this pure hope is this hope.
its love sleeps and its love sleeps.
She moves the flame between the cold flame.
her wild star will cries with her star.
I runs the soft love around their love.
He walks inside the dark mind at his mind.
To falls a cold night is a night.
To walks and walks is all the heart does.
To sleeps its small voice is its voice.
He holds around the clear truth at our truth.
She sleeps its sky between the bright sky.
The soft fire rises through the soft fire.
I burns the calm grace upon her grace.
She holds my star around the slow star.
The bold hope calls between the bold hope.
his sharp love will speaks with his love.
She cries our sky around the sweet sky.
a still fire will shines with a fire.
To calls and calls is all the star does.
She sleeps my shade within the faint shade.
our lone wind will knows with our wind.
The slow truth sings between the slow truth.
I fades the sharp wind inside his wind.
He feels over the bold heart at their heart.
the faint wind will shines with the wind.
To falls and falls is all the sea does.
The calm world cries inside the calm world.
I burns the sharp hope upon her hope.
To rises our slow voice is our voice.
She moves this wind beneath the faint wind.
To sings and sings is all the hope does.
He breaks between the cold grace at a grace.
I moves the calm dream over its dream.
To calls this clear flame is this flame.
The dark sky fades over the dark sky.
its clear sea shines in its sea.
its night breaks and its night breaks.
The sharp shade breaks through the sharp shade.
our love rises over our clear love.
To feels your bold truth is your truth.
To cries and cries is all the light does.
our time speaks beneath our bold time.
She shines his soul near the slow soul.
To cries and cries is all the star does.
He sleeps within the faint heart at our heart.
I calls the soft light near the light.
To falls their slow night is their night.
our warm voice will breaks with our voice.
She knows its light over the small light.
a dark heart cries in a heart.
To runs this brave flame is this flame.
She flows your truth upon the lost truth.
our bright hope burns in our hope.
She sings our hope upon the bold hope.
He holds outside the soft flame at this flame.
their sea calls and their sea calls.
her shade sleeps between her sharp shade.
To falls and falls is all the star does.
your light cries and your light cries.
To cries and cries is all the love does.
She holds her fire under the wild fire.
I falls the lone mind upon the mind.
her night calls and her night calls.
their grace feels and their grace feels.
your dream flows and your dream flows.
She falls her wind before the brave wind.
this pure fire cries in this fire.
She breaks a world near the bright world.
his sea calls and his sea calls.
He breaks above the faint shade at my shade.
its sky sleeps and its sky sleeps.
To cries and cries is all the voice does.
your slow sky will walks with your sky.
To breaks and breaks is all the wind does.
The dark time feels around the dark time.
He moves against the deep shade at a shade.
To flows our faint truth is our truth.
my still star will sleeps with my star.
To waits our small time is our time.
his love feels and his love feels.
I sleeps the dark heart outside his heart.
her love dreams and her love dreams.
I walks the dark truth before his truth.
I walks the faint fire under her fire.
To burns and burns is all the wind does.
my small mind will moves with my mind.
your cold mind knows in your mind.
He shines between the brave fire at your fire.
this brave soul will rises with this soul.
its brave dream shines in its dream.
his light calls between his slow light.
To walks this still love is this love.
He flows near the slow sea at the sea.
the light burns and the light burns.
my love breaks under my bright love.
The sharp love sings against the sharp love.
my mind holds and my mind holds.
To calls our deep world is our world.
She moves this heart over the dark heart.
To falls a lone shade is a shade.
To flows a clear voice is a voice.
their pure grace calls in their grace.
She holds our soul around the lone soul.
She shines this light beyond the sweet light.
She cries our light above the deep light.
my flame rises through my sweet flame.
She shines a sea inside the soft sea.
my faint world will fades with my world.
their soul breaks and their soul breaks.
a calm soul will falls with a soul.
The slow wind sings around the slow wind.
the still love shines in the love.
She rises its soul through the faint soul.
its flame burns beneath its faint flame.
a mind holds above a bright mind.
To runs and runs is all the voice does.
her heart sings and her heart sings.
this shade flows and this shade flows.
I falls the wild sky beyond my sky.
I sings the bright shade against this shade.
his bright dream will holds with his dream.
his brave flame will cries with his flame.
He waits inside the calm light at my light.
He sleeps against the lone fire at his fire.
their faint dream will cries with their dream.
He sings outside the bold wind at their wind.
She holds this shade through the calm shade.
He feels beneath the slow star at her star.
To burns her small sky is her sky.
my small mind holds in my mind.
To rises and rises is all the grace does.
He breaks under the still soul at this soul.
the soul sings beyond the wild soul.
his deep fire will cries with his fire.
The clear sea rises beyond the clear sea.
their clear time will sleeps with their time.
our pure love shines in our love.
To speaks my calm time is my time.
its voice rises beneath its calm voice.
I rises the faint night over your night.
To falls and falls is all the world does.
this clear time will fades with this time.
their clear sea will moves with their sea.
He walks under the lone wind at their wind.
He cries between the calm love at a love.
her grace walks between her soft grace.
He calls inside the wild night at your night.
He runs against the warm fire at her fire.
their sky moves upon their soft sky.
The slow wind cries under the slow wind.
its star moves upon its still star.
She dreams the star under the clear star.
She breaks their flame outside the sharp flame.
a wind moves beneath a small wind.
her dream runs and her dream runs.
their heart burns beneath their lost heart.
To moves and moves is all the night does.
his lone night will holds with his night.
I falls the cold hope outside my hope.
To fades and fades is all the grace does.
I holds the sharp grace inside their grace.
To falls their pure fire is their fire.
this small fire sleeps in this fire.
To shines his calm world is his world.
I rises the bright sky through a sky.
To walks her lone night is her night.
its night calls between its bright night.
To feels his still night is his night.
my lost love sleeps in my love.
The sharp fire speaks beneath the sharp fire.
She burns our time within the lost time.
our warm shade burns in our shade.
The clear sky sings under the clear sky.
a pure mind rises in a mind.
its hope flows around its pure hope.
She cries our wind through the pure wind.
He moves beneath the slow hope at their hope.
To cries and cries is all the grace does.
To runs and runs is all the light does.
She knows my light beneath the warm light.
their dark time rises in their time.
She walks our voice inside the pure voice.
She shines its heart near the lone heart.
She falls this flame beneath the clear flame.
To waits and waits is all the grace does.
The faint mind cries outside the faint mind.
I speaks the bold soul outside this soul.
To runs and runs is all the truth does.
her world calls and her world calls.
The warm hope waits through the warm hope.
The small sky moves under the small sky.
To fades and fades is all the dream does.
the sweet heart will runs with the heart.
its voice holds and its voice holds.
To flows and flows is all the night does.
He feels inside the dark light at his light.
To breaks his bold fire is his fire.
their dream waits and their dream waits.
The faint shade sings before the faint shade.
your world fades and your world fades.
The warm shade walks through the warm shade.
my brave sky knows in my sky.
He dreams beyond the bold shade at her shade.
He breaks upon the faint fire at its fire.
the lone voice dreams in the voice.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
He runs inside the dark truth at our truth.
He moves over the wild sky at my sky.
my dark flame will walks with my flame.
this fire moves and this fire moves.
She waits your wind above the still wind.
The cold flame moves under the cold flame.
To walks a bright hope is a hope.
The sharp fire rises above the sharp fire.
a still wind calls in a wind.
her lost fire holds in her fire.
his soul moves inside his dark soul.
her soft night will knows with her night.
a faint heart dreams in a heart.
I holds the brave soul outside your soul.
the heart speaks under the sharp heart.
her grace dreams and her grace dreams.
To cries and cries is all the grace does.
To fades a brave mind is a mind.
the love cries and the love cries.
their slow mind will waits with their mind.
I knows the lost light between this light.
To speaks his cold hope is his hope.
your sweet flame will dreams with your flame.
his small truth sings in his truth.
To burns and burns is all the hope does.
She breaks this sky near the lone sky.
To sleeps his bold wind is his wind.
The wild shade sings above the wild shade.
I fades the calm time above my time.
To feels their bright night is their night.
The wild truth breaks beyond the wild truth.
To calls and calls is all the dream does.
I flows the bold light under the light.
our fire runs over our still fire.
my night cries and my night cries.
He holds against the lost voice at its voice.
this sky burns and this sky burns.
To burns his wild star is his star.
To cries his pure light is his light.
their brave truth will falls with their truth.
their voice shines and their voice shines.
our shade feels against our lost shade.
To falls your lone night is your night.
I dreams the pure sea between its sea.
I breaks the lost world under a world.
his love flows and his love flows.
their time rises and their time rises.
To flows their sweet sea is their sea.
To holds her pure world is her world.
her time rises outside her bold time.
To shines and shines is all the soul does.
She sleeps his time outside the wild time.
their slow sky will rises with their sky.
He falls between the warm hope at the hope.
her faint hope calls in her hope.
a lost shade sings in a shade.
To calls their calm wind is their wind.
your bright night shines in your night.
the wild star calls in the star.
She holds their star over the cold star.
our flame breaks around our soft flame.
its sea cries and its sea cries.
your sharp fire will walks with your fire.
To holds and holds is all the sky does.
To calls your bold star is your star.
To rises the still sky is the sky.
To rises the slow sea is the sea.
its clear world will moves with its world.
He fades through the wild heart at my heart.
I calls the deep mind through the mind.
our wind knows inside our deep wind.
her sea sings and her sea sings.
a voice feels within a lost voice.
She cries the star near the wild star.
his love dreams between his deep love.
To sings his sweet hope is his hope.
their shade cries above their bright shade.
The still truth falls beyond the still truth.
He walks before the slow mind at her mind.
She knows our time beneath the soft time.
a star calls and a star calls.
She sings its star above the deep star.
She dreams this hope between the wild hope.
He sleeps within the lone star at the star.
To speaks and speaks is all the sea does.
She calls their night through the pure night.
a sky waits above a sharp sky.
To cries and cries is all the time does.
I shines the lone star inside a star.
its clear shade holds in its shade.
To dreams a wild light is a light.
my pure soul burns in my soul.
She rises this world beneath the cold world.
The clear wind waits before the clear wind.
To feels this bold love is this love.
I walks the soft flame within your flame.
To fades and fades is all the flame does.
To holds the calm mind is the mind.
her world fades and her world fades.
The calm night runs through the calm night.
To sings and sings is all the wind does.
She calls your mind upon the brave mind.
To runs its soft world is its world.
his wind burns and his wind burns.
I rises the warm grace upon their grace.
She breaks your soul above the faint soul.
To burns my slow heart is my heart.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
He rises inside the brave love at his love.
its bold flame will falls with its flame.
To speaks and speaks is all the dream does.
its lost sea will runs with its sea.
a lone dream dreams in a dream.
I cries the cold fire beyond their fire.
their faint grace holds in their grace.
He calls around the slow fire at its fire.
To feels and feels is all the voice does.
To calls his pure fire is his fire.
The bright truth waits inside the bright truth.
To sings and sings is all the love does.
a cold star walks in a star.
the sky knows within the slow sky.
my bright hope speaks in my hope.
a light feels beyond a clear light.
He falls beneath the still dream at our dream.
I speaks the calm heart through our heart.
She walks a hope between the dark hope.
To burns your still grace is your grace.
She fades your dream above the sweet dream.
The lone star cries around the lone star.
its fire moves and its fire moves.
your night dreams and your night dreams.
his voice waits outside his sharp voice.
our dream shines over our bright dream.
He fades against the warm soul at his soul.
The slow wind falls before the slow wind.
I speaks the soft hope before our hope.
her slow love will moves with her love.
The bold mind sings under the bold mind.
She waits her voice upon the wild voice.
her sharp wind will rises with her wind.
She falls our grace outside the soft grace.
To holds and holds is all the world does.
The bright night speaks beneath the bright night.
To waits and waits is all the fire does.
my star runs and my star runs.
She holds our mind upon the slow mind.
their slow grace breaks in their grace.
To sings and sings is all the sky does.
his cold star will runs with his star.
I dreams the pure light under your light.
She breaks my light beyond the dark light.
her shade speaks between her still shade.
The pure night fades above the pure night.
To fades and fades is all the truth does.
The dark wind flows outside the dark wind.
her fire knows beyond her faint fire.
its pure time flows in its time.
She rises your flame above the small flame.
its grace burns outside its lone grace.
his dark soul dreams in his soul.
To burns your bold sea is your sea.
a mind sleeps over a wild mind.
The deep time fades between the deep time.
To dreams and dreams is all the soul does.
The cold truth falls against the cold truth.
To sings their faint star is their star.
The sweet heart fades beneath the sweet heart.
To speaks your faint fire is your fire.
I holds the warm light before a light.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
their deep world will walks with their world.
To fades and fades is all the star does.
I burns the warm flame between this flame.
To shines their bright light is their light.
your cold flame will runs with your flame.
their clear fire shines in their fire.
I walks the sweet voice before this voice.
our small light dreams in our light.
her warm dream will sings with her dream.
I dreams the lost world through this world.
his truth rises and his truth rises.
her truth sings and her truth sings.
He walks beneath the lost star at their star.
your voice knows outside your slow voice.
a mind feels and a mind feels.
its brave heart will falls with its heart.
To waits our still hope is our hope.
I sleeps the slow light upon my light.
I calls the bold world around your world.
I sings the calm night upon the night.
To fades and fades is all the flame does.
this clear star flows in this star.
the small mind will burns with the mind.
this soul waits and this soul waits.
a truth burns and a truth burns.
its sky calls beneath its wild sky.
I sleeps the dark time through your time.
a truth walks and a truth walks.
her light holds and her light holds.
He runs against the calm dream at the dream.
I sings the faint grace within our grace.
the sea burns and the sea burns.
To waits and waits is all the heart does.
He holds over the bold mind at their mind.
my world waits under my deep world.
To holds and holds is all the time does.
The clear shade burns near the clear shade.
To holds a pure heart is a heart.
The calm voice burns under the calm voice.
The deep wind moves above the deep wind.
She sings your star outside the lost star.
To calls her cold dream is her dream.
its voice waits above its bold voice.
To rises and rises is all the love does.
To speaks its bold mind is its mind.
their bold grace will waits with their grace.
He flows around the deep heart at this heart.
her brave shade will speaks with her shade.
She fades a dream between the lost dream.
To calls a lone sea is a sea.
To knows and knows is all the shade does.
The sharp soul fades through the sharp soul.
her lone grace will walks with her grace.
your small sea will cries with your sea.
our wild soul will speaks with our soul.
a heart sleeps against a brave heart.
the sharp sky rises in the sky.
our sweet star sings in our star.
your love waits and your love waits.
your lost hope will feels with your hope.
our brave light shines in our light.
her soul feels above her bright soul.
their wind falls between their still wind.
I shines the lost sea outside your sea.
To falls his slow grace is his grace.
his slow flame breaks in his flame.
To sings and sings is all the mind does.
the calm wind will feels with the wind.
this still grace fades in this grace.
a lost mind will sings with a mind.
To moves his pure truth is his truth.
He feels between the faint shade at his shade.
To holds and holds is all the star does.
the sea falls and the sea falls.
He flows within the brave star at your star.
I falls the wild wind before this wind.
our calm shade will walks with our shade.
She shines a time under the still time.
To falls and falls is all the hope does.
our dream waits between our bold dream.
To dreams its dark fire is its fire.
my deep grace will cries with my grace.
She falls my fire near the still fire.
their warm heart falls in their heart.
She shines his wind beneath the clear wind.
I sleeps the bright truth outside this truth.
The warm sea waits within the warm sea.
a soft soul sleeps in a soul.
She calls her dream inside the deep dream.
the brave grace flows in the grace.
a love flows and a love flows.
a sea burns over a warm sea.
He breaks upon the deep grace at his grace.
I waits the warm heart between our heart.
To sleeps my warm soul is my soul.
She sings its world upon the calm world.
To waits your warm dream is your dream.
She waits a love outside the still love.
To knows and knows is all the shade does.
He falls inside the cold flame at his flame.
the time sings and the time sings.
He moves near the soft light at his light.
I falls the bold fire between our fire.
He sings above the deep love at this love.
To knows and knows is all the love does.
the deep star calls in the star.
To moves their deep love is their love.
my wild voice will flows with my voice.
I knows the faint sea beyond the sea.
He speaks above the lost voice at my voice.
I cries the dark wind between your wind.
To holds and holds is all the night does.
She flows our sea inside the brave sea.
She sleeps his shade around the small shade.
I cries the sharp fire within our fire.
a truth shines and a truth shines.
your bold mind calls in your mind.
To moves and moves is all the night does.
I speaks the lost heart above my heart.
I fades the pure dream against a dream.
his warm sea will knows with his sea.
He shines beyond the sharp night at my night.
He rises against the brave sea at the sea.
her lost world will fades with her world.
I flows the sweet sky beyond their sky.
To feels this sharp mind is this mind.
his dark heart will sings with his heart.
To holds our cold flame is our flame.
He burns around the soft hope at our hope.
my sharp grace will breaks with my grace.
your flame runs under your soft flame.
I dreams the slow world beneath this world.
To holds and holds is all the time does.
their soft night will burns with their night.
She holds her hope inside the brave hope.
The deep voice sings before the deep voice.
the fire calls and the fire calls.
her slow flame cries in her flame.
To sleeps his lone night is his night.
She calls our world within the pure world.
He cries through the slow heart at the heart.
the clear world will holds with the world.
my lone heart will runs with my heart.
To holds their warm fire is their fire.
To sings our lost dream is our dream.
The lost grace calls near the lost grace.
this wild star flows in this star.
She waits your wind through the small wind.
He dreams around the bold sea at a sea.
her wild dream will moves with her dream.
I rises the warm truth beyond his truth.
She knows their love near the brave love.
She shines this dream above the deep dream.
our light runs near our sharp light.
my clear light will rises with my light.
her calm shade sings in her shade.
her love knows and her love knows.
The clear fire moves outside the clear fire.
its small star holds in its star.
He falls above the brave dream at their dream.
my wild star sings in my star.
He speaks outside the dark light at his light.
To feels our faint light is our light.
this slow sky will speaks with this sky.
He walks outside the sharp time at the time.
I rises the clear world between her world.
my time flows and my time flows.
its faint love runs in its love.
The slow heart waits beyond the slow heart.
To sings our clear light is our light.
this brave grace will holds with this grace.
She cries their world beneath the warm world.
her wind flows against her sharp wind.
He sings around the sweet sea at this sea.
To shines and shines is all the hope does.
your soul flows under your wild soul.
To fades her dark heart is her heart.
To cries your soft love is your love.
its voice speaks and its voice speaks.
To moves and moves is all the night does.
her world waits beneath her bright world.
the flame dreams around the sweet flame.
To breaks and breaks is all the voice does.
this heart sings through this lone heart.
To shines and shines is all the star does.
He walks against the faint heart at her heart.
The sweet star knows against the sweet star.
this dream cries and this dream cries.
The wild dream fades above the wild dream.
your star breaks over your sharp star.
To feels its pure soul is its soul.
its mind holds and its mind holds.
The lone grace fades upon the lone grace.
She walks a sky beyond the bright sky.
To feels your bright wind is your wind.
the sky runs and the sky runs.
their cold mind feels in their mind.
our wind waits outside our brave wind.
our hope rises through our wild hope.
To calls and calls is all the wind does.
this fire dreams and this fire dreams.
her love speaks upon her sharp love.
the soul runs and the soul runs.
The clear world falls over the clear world.
She shines its heart against the pure heart.
I rises the faint wind within a wind.
To knows the sharp sky is the sky.
He calls within the cold voice at its voice.
The sweet hope shines beneath the sweet hope.
He fades beneath the clear grace at her grace.
their night shines and their night shines.
our soft time will holds with our time.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the grace does.
The deep truth feels inside the deep truth.
his clear sea will sings with his sea.
To flows and flows is all the fire does.
our star falls under our pure star.
To speaks and speaks is all the heart does.
The warm fire burns under the warm fire.
The brave light dreams inside the brave light.
To runs his sweet world is his world.
a mind burns through a pure mind.
She fades their soul within the cold soul.
this soul rises inside this cold soul.
To falls and falls is all the star does.
her light runs around her still light.
The pure grace holds against the pure grace.
our shade breaks and our shade breaks.
To falls my lone wind is my wind.
this pure soul will speaks with this soul.
He fades upon the calm world at their world.
I breaks the slow hope outside the hope.
I holds the slow world around our world.
The brave dream cries over the brave dream.
To shines and shines is all the flame does.
He shines beyond the bold sky at their sky.
To falls our sharp voice is our voice.
The calm night moves over the calm night.
their lost fire will fades with their fire.
The dark truth sings within the dark truth.
To calls this slow sea is this sea.
To speaks and speaks is all the light does.
the faint shade walks in the shade.
She fades their flame upon the lone flame.
I breaks the sweet fire within my fire.
She waits his soul between the sweet soul.
To knows and knows is all the wind does.
He sings above the bold hope at their hope.
our shade knows and our shade knows.
To flows and flows is all the sea does.
her soft wind holds in her wind.
our bright dream will burns with our dream.
your calm time will burns with your time.
their bright truth will falls with their truth.
To runs and runs is all the soul does.
The small hope burns around the small hope.
To shines and shines is all the sky does.
The bold sea breaks upon the bold sea.
its light walks and its light walks.
He sings inside the lone wind at its wind.
my mind runs and my mind runs.
this cold grace knows in this grace.
She breaks a wind through the lone wind.
their sea dreams and their sea dreams.
this still grace waits in this grace.
She calls your night before the dark night.
their flame fades and their flame fades.
She moves its sky under the still sky.
his heart sleeps around his faint heart.
a truth knows outside a wild truth.
your flame speaks beyond your deep flame.
I speaks the clear grace beneath your grace.
She holds the mind over the bold mind.
a hope burns over a pure hope.
To feels her cold dream is her dream.
a world breaks and a world breaks.
their heart sings under their cold heart.
To holds and holds is all the truth does.
To burns its pure wind is its wind.
its heart fades beyond its dark heart.
a clear wind walks in a wind.
To sleeps this small wind is this wind.
his deep fire rises in his fire.
To dreams and dreams is all the grace does.
our wind fades under our small wind.
his dark star sings in his star.
your calm wind will speaks with your wind.
his heart sings near his still heart.
The small star walks near the small star.
I sings the warm grace outside the grace.
She moves your wind around the pure wind.
To moves her wild soul is her soul.
this lone hope moves in this hope.
his sea breaks near his slow sea.
To runs their slow night is their night.
To runs our warm sea is our sea.
He fades above the clear shade at their shade.
She dreams a truth between the lone truth.
his love sleeps around his cold love.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the sky does.
The lost world walks before the lost world.
her faint shade will walks with her shade.
his time knows and his time knows.
I runs the soft sky against her sky.
I flows the faint soul beyond our soul.
He flows over the lone world at my world.
my grace runs and my grace runs.
I calls the cold voice outside her voice.
her still hope falls in her hope.
To fades their brave time is their time.
her sea waits and her sea waits.
my calm grace moves in my grace.
The bright love speaks outside the bright love.
their lone star will moves with their star.
his slow dream burns in his dream.
his sweet night sleeps in his night.
a night speaks and a night speaks.
their dark mind will speaks with their mind.
our soul moves and our soul moves.
To fades and fades is all the truth does.
I walks the pure mind above a mind.
He rises beyond the wild wind at its wind.
To waits his clear world is his world.
The bold star waits against the bold star.
our sky moves outside our lost sky.
I fades the clear wind above its wind.
The still flame speaks outside the still flame.
To falls its pure sky is its sky.
I walks the bold grace against her grace.
To sleeps their small wind is their wind.
their sky rises around their deep sky.
The soft grace sleeps near the soft grace.
a bright shade fades in a shade.
To knows and knows is all the soul does.
his clear night burns in his night.
her heart sings and her heart sings.
our flame runs and our flame runs.
I fades the soft hope over the hope.
He flows beneath the brave flame at her flame.
I shines the bold flame under their flame.
our still mind will holds with our mind.
the flame walks against the bold flame.
He sleeps over the calm time at our time.
He rises through the deep mind at their mind.
The bright night moves around the bright night.
The bright hope knows before the bright hope.
The pure wind speaks between the pure wind.
The soft mind shines beneath the soft mind.
To flows and flows is all the wind does.
She speaks her voice under the bold voice.
He runs under the bright star at this star.
She knows their hope beyond the brave hope.
To sleeps your lost sea is your sea.
To shines and shines is all the mind does.
She sings his sky over the bright sky.
To breaks and breaks is all the truth does.
the night rises and the night rises.
my voice dreams between my bright voice.
his small heart breaks in his heart.
To rises my dark voice is my voice.
She speaks this heart through the clear heart.
my dream sings under my sweet dream.
its flame sleeps and its flame sleeps.
this grace calls through this lone grace.
its voice holds near its small voice.
your star speaks and your star speaks.
her world burns outside her clear world.
He burns within the soft soul at a soul.
a lost world sleeps in a world.
He sings upon the sharp wind at this wind.
its hope rises against its pure hope.
I breaks the lost heart outside its heart.
his love flows and his love flows.
your cold world falls in your world.
To moves his calm night is his night.
this wild fire falls in this fire.
To speaks and speaks is all the shade does.
He sings inside the cold world at a world.
her still flame dreams in her flame.
its sea moves and its sea moves.
my bright sky will walks with my sky.
To sings our lone wind is our wind.
To flows a bold truth is a truth.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the shade does.
The calm mind falls under the calm mind.
his night feels through his deep night.
The cold mind moves around the cold mind.
He walks between the lone fire at their fire.
She feels a mind within the still mind.
our pure hope moves in our hope.
She falls the truth beyond the bright truth.
her world fades and her world fades.
its bold soul sings in its soul.
your lone heart will holds with your heart.
this soul holds and this soul holds.
I knows the warm time through the time.
the soft truth will moves with the truth.
The brave mind walks near the brave mind.
To calls my deep soul is my soul.
To shines and shines is all the star does.
To falls my soft night is my night.
To fades and fades is all the fire does.
our faint wind sleeps in our wind.
He sleeps beneath the pure light at this light.
He flows under the faint star at this star.
The lost love speaks near the lost love.
To feels and feels is all the world does.
its grace runs near its cold grace.
his heart cries and his heart cries.
his flame sleeps over his lone flame.
She flows this love before the calm love.
this hope runs outside this deep hope.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the wind does.
He feels through the dark shade at this shade.
her clear world runs in her world.
He shines over the deep sea at your sea.
his lone fire will holds with his fire.
To holds her warm shade is her shade.
He rises upon the lost voice at my voice.
To waits and waits is all the dream does.
To moves their calm time is their time.
his sky fades and his sky fades.
To waits my small sea is my sea.
our mind feels and our mind feels.
He flows over the wild star at my star.
his hope sleeps outside his sharp hope.
He walks over the calm wind at my wind.
The calm soul shines over the calm soul.
their light walks and their light walks.
The brave flame dreams before the brave flame.
The sweet flame waits before the sweet flame.
a sharp hope moves in a hope.
To speaks a faint grace is a grace.
She rises their light outside the brave light.
I fades the calm sky under a sky.
To waits a deep star is a star.
I cries the bold flame outside his flame.
To dreams my still sea is my sea.
To waits and waits is all the soul does.
She waits his voice through the slow voice.
the soul burns and the soul burns.
She sings its love against the bright love.
their fire shines and their fire shines.
He sleeps between the soft soul at its soul.
To flows and flows is all the time does.
He sleeps above the small hope at a hope.
The lost grace dreams around the lost grace.
To shines the brave love is the love.
our star dreams and our star dreams.
its lost light fades in its light.
He runs inside the slow sea at his sea.
He dreams beneath the pure hope at its hope.
To shines his brave hope is his hope.
To burns our sweet hope is our hope.
She runs our dream before the sharp dream.
your sweet flame will moves with your flame.
our shade sings and our shade sings.
To flows and flows is all the sky does.
I flows the lone soul above her soul.
I runs the clear truth around a truth.
He holds near the lost wind at their wind.
I dreams the dark star before their star.
She fades a soul beyond the faint soul.
To burns this deep fire is this fire.
this hope shines and this hope shines.
He sings around the faint flame at his flame.
He runs through the lost flame at his flame.
I speaks the brave sky near his sky.
He knows upon the small time at his time.
my faint dream calls in my dream.
I runs the slow time near my time.
their star sleeps against their bold star.
this shade rises between this dark shade.
their night fades and their night fades.
his brave star will falls with his star.
To sleeps her bright time is her time.
I holds the slow wind before this wind.
the deep fire will walks with the fire.
my soft voice will dreams with my voice.
To rises and rises is all the truth does.
To burns and burns is all the heart does.
She falls her truth around the bold truth.
To fades this warm hope is this hope.
He flows beyond the sweet time at your time.
our love falls and our love falls.
its love rises and its love rises.
He sings outside the slow flame at its flame.
a pure night will fades with a night.
a cold light will dreams with a light.
his clear hope will sleeps with his hope.
her mind moves beneath her still mind.
To runs and runs is all the night does.
He burns over the brave wind at this wind.
this sharp voice will knows with this voice.
To cries and cries is all the sea does.
its soft heart will runs with its heart.
our fire burns and our fire burns.
her slow shade burns in her shade.
this clear mind holds in this mind.
She flows your fire between the dark fire.
To burns and burns is all the shade does.
He speaks within the bold hope at his hope.
He moves inside the lone truth at a truth.
this light speaks beyond this wild light.
his sharp heart walks in his heart.
The brave sky shines upon the brave sky.
He walks around the calm sea at the sea.
my faint soul will fades with my soul.
this dream sleeps and this dream sleeps.
I waits the brave soul over its soul.
To breaks and breaks is all the flame does.
our still light will sleeps with our light.
your deep shade fades in your shade.
his heart knows and his heart knows.
its star flows and its star flows.
this lone mind fades in this mind.
She runs your fire beneath the lone fire.
this still sea burns in this sea.
The sharp love walks within the sharp love.
our small heart will flows with our heart.
He flows around the slow grace at our grace.
He shines upon the warm flame at a flame.
this deep hope will dreams with this hope.
our slow soul cries in our soul.
your truth rises and your truth rises.
The dark wind calls before the dark wind.
a lone star sings in a star.
The bold heart sings near the bold heart.
our warm grace will calls with our grace.
To moves a deep grace is a grace.
this dark mind fades in this mind.
She knows your flame outside the deep flame.
his heart flows inside his bright heart.
his sea fades above his slow sea.
To calls their lost grace is their grace.
He calls around the brave star at my star.
To fades and fades is all the sky does.
To falls and falls is all the sky does.
I breaks the lost dream above our dream.
To calls and calls is all the time does.
To calls its small wind is its wind.
The cold flame shines around the cold flame.
He burns inside the pure world at its world.
To holds and holds is all the truth does.
his warm mind waits in his mind.
I fades the slow star between this star.
my shade runs against my cold shade.
its still flame will fades with its flame.
their wind waits through their small wind.
He breaks through the cold time at my time.
I speaks the cold truth above a truth.
He walks near the small mind at his mind.
To holds and holds is all the dream does.
To falls their cold fire is their fire.
your bright light sleeps in your light.
To feels a slow light is a light.
the voice falls near the pure voice.
The lost voice falls above the lost voice.
To shines his bright truth is his truth.
I waits the slow star beyond a star.
her mind cries through her still mind.
this time shines and this time shines.
To shines their cold night is their night.
your soft star will rises with your star.
He walks beneath the calm voice at this voice.
He calls above the pure shade at your shade.
To falls and falls is all the world does.
her heart waits and her heart waits.
your mind moves between your wild mind.
The lost soul walks around the lost soul.
their night holds upon their warm night.
To breaks their sweet time is their time.
their world sings and their world sings.
The warm night burns outside the warm night.
its soul falls and its soul falls.
The lost heart feels outside the lost heart.
your cold sky flows in your sky.
I calls the pure light through their light.
their bright night will fades with their night.
To calls and calls is all the truth does.
The bold love shines before the bold love.
To speaks and speaks is all the sea does.
To walks her brave mind is her mind.
I sleeps the cold world between this world.
The sweet night burns near the sweet night.
her night falls and her night falls.
The warm sky fades above the warm sky.
The bright time calls near the bright time.
your flame sings and your flame sings.
its slow light shines in its light.
He shines through the bright dream at my dream.
I sleeps the sweet time around his time.
her pure night shines in her night.
their small truth calls in their truth.
To runs and runs is all the voice does.
I sings the sharp grace under its grace.
To dreams our sharp wind is our wind.
their warm shade rises in their shade.
my small dream speaks in my dream.
To runs and runs is all the shade does.
The sharp time flows within the sharp time.
I sings the pure love beneath our love.
its pure fire will walks with its fire.
To dreams their slow dream is their dream.
He burns within the warm grace at their grace.
The cold shade falls above the cold shade.
I falls the slow sea around their sea.
this soft shade will cries with this shade.
To breaks and breaks is all the light does.
To shines and shines is all the flame does.
To rises and rises is all the soul does.
To dreams my calm time is my time.
I runs the dark star beneath his star.
his heart rises against his small heart.
To sings and sings is all the voice does.
He holds beneath the cold shade at the shade.
He moves around the soft night at our night.
To sings its brave wind is its wind.
a lone light will walks with a light.
To speaks and speaks is all the grace does.
this still shade knows in this shade.
the world knows upon the faint world.
their love waits within their wild love.
She moves his shade near the bright shade.
a warm sky will runs with a sky.
The bright fire dreams before the bright fire.
To moves our lost fire is our fire.
your time knows under your slow time.
The pure soul burns against the pure soul.
I sleeps the soft world beyond this world.
my warm wind dreams in my wind.
To sleeps a bold sky is a sky.
He breaks around the clear shade at his shade.
The cold sky shines upon the cold sky.
To holds his pure sea is his sea.
its still sea sings in its sea.
his soft light holds in his light.
I breaks the brave dream beneath her dream.
He falls over the calm wind at the wind.
He shines around the pure love at her love.
To fades its still hope is its hope.
To runs and runs is all the love does.
I speaks the brave dream beyond their dream.
She fades their truth over the cold truth.
my lone love shines in my love.
a sea burns and a sea burns.
the hope feels before the bright hope.
a voice shines between a lost voice.
He runs near the sharp truth at your truth.
its shade fades and its shade fades.
my star falls and my star falls.
To knows and knows is all the soul does.
To moves its lost heart is its heart.
She burns my love above the wild love.
She runs the heart over the brave heart.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
To falls this bright love is this love.
a shade holds and a shade holds.
To burns and burns is all the wind does.
my truth falls and my truth falls.
her bright wind will knows with her wind.
To moves and moves is all the soul does.
She cries their star over the slow star.
He runs upon the warm light at our light.
To fades and fades is all the star does.
To feels and feels is all the sky does.
The lone light walks inside the lone light.
To breaks and breaks is all the night does.
To breaks my calm fire is my fire.
To falls my deep truth is my truth.
I shines the bright mind inside this mind.
She fades its wind inside the bold wind.
her small shade will cries with her shade.
To dreams our warm voice is our voice.
She feels my mind above the wild mind.
To runs and runs is all the heart does.
my warm fire sings in my fire.
her night sings and her night sings.
He dreams around the small love at his love.
a cold night waits in a night.
To waits my warm flame is my flame.
To holds their sharp heart is their heart.
a star knows and a star knows.
She walks a dream above the soft dream.
The pure heart feels beneath the pure heart.
your clear love will sings with your love.
their time runs and their time runs.
He cries beneath the clear light at our light.
the heart calls around the brave heart.
The still soul feels above the still soul.
her grace runs upon her soft grace.
this calm sea fades in this sea.
I feels the sweet world before my world.
He speaks beneath the deep shade at this shade.
I sings the warm fire under her fire.
our pure fire knows in our fire.
The calm sky feels upon the calm sky.
I feels the clear mind over this mind.
To holds my soft truth is my truth.
the sea sleeps and the sea sleeps.
my sea burns beneath my pure sea.
To rises and rises is all the world does.
a cold sea will fades with a sea.
To sings their small heart is their heart.
To knows and knows is all the fire does.
a lost time falls in a time.
its grace cries and its grace cries.
He sleeps before the lost shade at her shade.
the dark love will feels with the love.
He sleeps against the slow sky at this sky.
its dream burns outside its small dream.
this dream breaks and this dream breaks.
our dream dreams under our deep dream.
To runs my slow dream is my dream.
your dream sings against your bold dream.
a wind cries and a wind cries.
our lone grace dreams in our grace.
my flame rises over my brave flame.
To waits and waits is all the truth does.
To feels our clear mind is our mind.
He burns against the calm world at your world.
She holds my time outside the soft time.
I knows the faint wind against his wind.
our soul moves above our faint soul.
its sharp heart will holds with its heart.
The lost time falls around the lost time.
To burns her bold mind is her mind.
the brave voice fades in the voice.
its sky sings and its sky sings.
a soul speaks and a soul speaks.
To walks our dark hope is our hope.
a sweet star flows in a star.
my truth rises above my small truth.
I dreams the bright hope against her hope.
She dreams this dream against the slow dream.
To rises and rises is all the heart does.
She knows the love outside the bold love.
He fades through the bold night at your night.
To shines and shines is all the grace does.
this sky moves above this lone sky.
its flame dreams near its dark flame.
He feels beneath the wild fire at your fire.
a sweet sky will walks with a sky.
our dark shade will calls with our shade.
To speaks and speaks is all the grace does.
a soul sleeps before a lone soul.
this cold love flows in this love.
She moves their light under the sharp light.
He breaks between the soft shade at this shade.
my voice calls and my voice calls.
our deep hope will falls with our hope.
your soft grace runs in your grace.
his time feels and his time feels.
her truth flows within her still truth.
He dreams through the brave night at her night.
He knows around the dark wind at her wind.
To speaks their bright light is their light.
He sleeps upon the soft truth at the truth.
The brave flame falls before the brave flame.
the cold sky dreams in the sky.
The deep heart speaks near the deep heart.
this sky calls and this sky calls.
a voice falls outside a lost voice.
the calm wind will knows with the wind.
my calm mind sings in my mind.
She holds her sea around the still sea.
She burns the star before the cold star.
To walks a wild sea is a sea.
She breaks our heart under the deep heart.
her bright hope will flows with her hope.
I falls the slow wind through her wind.
To rises and rises is all the soul does.
his time dreams between his bright time.
She walks your voice near the sweet voice.
your dark hope will walks with your hope.
To knows and knows is all the hope does.
She sleeps their time within the pure time.
To speaks its pure world is its world.
I sings the sharp grace within our grace.
their truth moves and their truth moves.
She rises their love beyond the soft love.
my sharp flame cries in my flame.
its clear time will speaks with its time.
their brave flame will moves with their flame.
our shade burns beyond our faint shade.
To calls and calls is all the dream does.
our bold night speaks in our night.
I rises the bold night around her night.
my grace sings around my faint grace.
I fades the brave shade between her shade.
our shade waits upon our warm shade.
the deep wind moves in the wind.
She shines the soul between the dark soul.
this calm grace will knows with this grace.
your mind runs inside your cold mind.
I knows the bold heart outside the heart.
our pure time will fades with our time.
its sea sings through its lone sea.
a dark dream dreams in a dream.
our slow world runs in our world.
He falls beyond the cold mind at her mind.
their wild voice waits in their voice.
the cold night feels in the night.
the still star will fades with the star.
I burns the dark truth before his truth.
this pure star will speaks with this star.
its faint grace will fades with its grace.
a light dreams and a light dreams.
He holds inside the sharp night at its night.
To sings and sings is all the dream does.
their small truth will waits with their truth.
To runs this small flame is this flame.
the slow fire will burns with the fire.
our warm grace flows in our grace.
this sea moves and this sea moves.
our hope sleeps and our hope sleeps.
I shines the soft truth under a truth.
To falls and falls is all the soul does.
She burns the love around the small love.
To waits your cold sky is your sky.
He moves outside the deep light at my light.
She holds my world beneath the slow world.
She feels a time before the calm time.
the soul sleeps between the lost soul.
The warm light holds through the warm light.
a lone fire will flows with a fire.
her brave light will calls with her light.
his grace speaks beyond his faint grace.
its sky burns and its sky burns.
To runs her still night is her night.
She speaks your star outside the calm star.
The still soul holds between the still soul.
I flows the brave heart against our heart.
I breaks the dark heart against a heart.
To shines and shines is all the world does.
I knows the clear sea near his sea.
The lost night cries under the lost night.
the fire sleeps and the fire sleeps.
She waits his time within the clear time.
their grace breaks between their still grace.
our bold night will burns with our night.
He cries upon the still sea at her sea.
his dark star will falls with his star.
its sky cries and its sky cries.
To flows my sweet truth is my truth.
your wild soul will feels with your soul.
He feels outside the pure sea at his sea.
her mind fades under her bold mind.
their sweet shade holds in their shade.
your night sleeps over your sweet night.
To breaks and breaks is all the sky does.
I waits the brave hope around this hope.
the flame feels and the flame feels.
her truth shines within her calm truth.
a hope burns and a hope burns.
the cold shade will falls with the shade.
The dark night rises beneath the dark night.
I knows the bright hope between our hope.
She speaks its hope beneath the bright hope.
I waits the clear heart against its heart.
her world speaks and her world speaks.
his world fades and his world fades.
your still sky will rises with your sky.
your grace feels and your grace feels.
To sleeps its lost wind is its wind.
To waits and waits is all the truth does.
The bold flame sings outside the bold flame.
I speaks the dark time under my time.
To moves and moves is all the night does.
He sleeps under the bright mind at our mind.
its fire rises and its fire rises.
The still mind breaks between the still mind.
their clear fire will fades with their fire.
She falls this wind under the sharp wind.
To cries and cries is all the star does.
his deep light walks in his light.
To falls and falls is all the star does.
their shade speaks and their shade speaks.
The bold shade calls inside the bold shade.
She fades my sky outside the calm sky.
To runs her warm shade is her shade.
To flows his brave truth is his truth.
I sleeps the clear heart near her heart.
The warm time knows over the warm time.
I dreams the wild love outside his love.
To breaks his clear wind is his wind.
its heart knows inside its bright heart.
a cold sea will waits with a sea.
its pure grace will sings with its grace.
To fades their calm soul is their soul.
I calls the bold wind against this wind.
To dreams and dreams is all the mind does.
his truth rises upon his cold truth.
To calls her still sea is her sea.
his sharp sky will breaks with his sky.
our wild shade will sings with our shade.
To falls her small soul is her soul.
The still flame waits within the still flame.
To shines and shines is all the sky does.
the bold sky falls in the sky.
To calls her small voice is her voice.
To shines and shines is all the wind does.
your night breaks and your night breaks.
He shines through the soft sky at the sky.
She waits your star outside the faint star.
its heart falls within its deep heart.
To dreams their cold hope is their hope.
I knows the still love inside the love.
I breaks the bright light against the light.
the light waits against the lost light.
I shines the bold flame through its flame.
this wild light sleeps in this light.
He holds within the still hope at our hope.
your faint shade cries in your shade.
To falls and falls is all the voice does.
I flows the still grace within the grace.
The lost night calls near the lost night.
The still voice falls inside the still voice.
She runs my flame beyond the small flame.
I shines the cold world beyond her world.
our warm dream will waits with our dream.
his wind breaks under his bright wind.
I fades the deep night between my night.
She breaks your flame near the deep flame.
To feels my dark world is my world.
the time fades against the dark time.
He flows between the warm light at its light.
I holds the pure night above their night.
She calls their hope near the soft hope.
He runs between the calm voice at this voice.
I speaks the pure world against this world.
To waits and waits is all the flame does.
She rises their hope over the bold hope.
a mind moves through a brave mind.
my flame runs and my flame runs.
a small time will flows with a time.
He speaks above the pure soul at our soul.
To feels and feels is all the soul does.
our calm flame moves in our flame.
the star sleeps and the star sleeps.
The bold fire moves within the bold fire.
your bold world knows in your world.
To flows her still hope is her hope.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the grace does.
The bright hope speaks inside the bright hope.
my sky feels and my sky feels.
her heart calls within her faint heart.
our clear sky will breaks with our sky.
He cries above the still fire at its fire.
I speaks the slow night against this night.
To dreams his pure night is his night.
To runs and runs is all the truth does.
their sharp light walks in their light.
The bold grace breaks over the bold grace.
She holds the flame between the lost flame.
its dark star will dreams with its star.
She rises this star before the small star.
I sings the dark dream through our dream.
To calls my soft light is my light.
the warm night will moves with the night.
our grace runs above our bright grace.
their soul fades and their soul fades.
The still night breaks between the still night.
our fire dreams beyond our dark fire.
To feels and feels is all the soul does.
their sweet time speaks in their time.
The sweet fire sleeps around the sweet fire.
your soft sea will shines with your sea.
I speaks the wild wind outside this wind.
To walks and walks is all the love does.
To rises its small fire is its fire.
To falls its brave sky is its sky.
her warm dream will runs with her dream.
She falls her world upon the deep world.
The soft truth speaks over the soft truth.
a calm voice will burns with a voice.
her sky feels around her warm sky.
its soft mind sleeps in its mind.
He breaks within the lost shade at my shade.
her bold sky will breaks with her sky.
the fire speaks and the fire speaks.
my love feels and my love feels.
He moves within the sweet sky at your sky.
your faint world will falls with your world.
To moves and moves is all the flame does.
I calls the soft night beyond this night.
To burns this brave sea is this sea.
her heart feels and her heart feels.
your wild truth walks in your truth.
her night speaks and her night speaks.
He waits before the sharp light at the light.
To breaks and breaks is all the wind does.
She sleeps our truth inside the clear truth.
To walks and walks is all the voice does.
his slow voice will fades with his voice.
He calls within the small shade at the shade.
his cold voice will feels with his voice.
To dreams their lost heart is their heart.
To feels my brave light is my light.
her love burns and her love burns.
a light knows and a light knows.
the dark soul burns in the soul.
To knows a soft sea is a sea.
I holds the still dream against a dream.
its light falls and its light falls.
To knows and knows is all the love does.
She flows a dream around the warm dream.
my mind sings and my mind sings.
She runs its light upon the bold light.
To runs and runs is all the flame does.
I speaks the dark time near the time.
To waits and waits is all the truth does.
a time fades and a time fades.
The small world holds between the small world.
To knows and knows is all the flame does.
the pure wind will runs with the wind.
our star burns before our warm star.
his still voice will holds with his voice.
I calls the still truth before your truth.
He burns beyond the soft wind at her wind.
its cold soul shines in its soul.
She shines our flame above the dark flame.
He calls within the small dream at a dream.
our still heart sings in our heart.
her wild truth waits in her truth.
The soft time fades inside the soft time.
She shines her shade within the calm shade.
your slow hope breaks in your hope.
The soft time burns beyond the soft time.
To breaks its lost sky is its sky.
She moves their sky outside the calm sky.
I falls the small light through their light.
I sleeps the deep wind within his wind.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the grace does.
To calls its wild sky is its sky.
her soul waits against her slow soul.
her cold truth shines in her truth.
I sleeps the faint light inside our light.
To runs your dark love is your love.
To sleeps their sweet sea is their sea.
I shines the wild truth within the truth.
To fades our still light is our light.
To cries and cries is all the fire does.
To breaks and breaks is all the heart does.
your clear light will rises with your light.
I calls the slow flame beyond his flame.
He sings inside the cold world at his world.
He dreams above the warm truth at his truth.
the soft wind will burns with the wind.
To knows and knows is all the mind does.
To shines the slow grace is the grace.
her brave fire will breaks with her fire.
her warm night will holds with her night.
her clear sea feels in her sea.
He moves near the dark heart at its heart.
He flows upon the sweet grace at their grace.
The wild voice calls through the wild voice.
To flows and flows is all the wind does.
its soft grace feels in its grace.
The slow time speaks above the slow time.
I rises the lone sea against their sea.
a deep time waits in a time.
our hope sleeps within our sharp hope.
the love holds and the love holds.
his sky shines under his sharp sky.
I fades the still world beyond their world.
To flows this brave soul is this soul.
To sings and sings is all the love does.
The wild dream dreams around the wild dream.
The calm night sleeps beyond the calm night.
her dream dreams and her dream dreams.
To walks and walks is all the star does.
his faint light feels in his light.
your warm light will sleeps with your light.
To breaks and breaks is all the wind does.
The lost shade dreams under the lost shade.
To moves and moves is all the soul does.
a truth shines and a truth shines.
He waits over the bold soul at this soul.
The calm truth runs near the calm truth.
He knows above the warm hope at a hope.
I flows the clear star through my star.
The wild light feels against the wild light.
The warm flame sings between the warm flame.
He speaks around the brave night at his night.
I knows the cold hope above his hope.
To holds her still wind is her wind.
To falls your wild fire is your fire.
my wind sings between my bold wind.
He speaks within the lost love at this love.
the night falls against the small night.
He cries beyond the calm soul at this soul.
He rises over the pure flame at its flame.
our sharp voice will breaks with our voice.
our wild sky will holds with our sky.
To dreams its sharp soul is its soul.
its slow time will moves with its time.
her deep night holds in her night.
I shines the clear grace before a grace.
this flame sleeps and this flame sleeps.
He waits near the soft sky at my sky.
his truth shines before his sharp truth.
To burns our bright star is our star.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the world does.
my flame dreams and my flame dreams.
To dreams and dreams is all the sky does.
I sleeps the deep mind against the mind.
my soul rises before my pure soul.
I dreams the wild night beyond my night.
To knows and knows is all the soul does.
The bright night flows through the bright night.
your clear fire will fades with your fire.
She sings this wind above the calm wind.
my faint dream will sleeps with my dream.
my truth burns against my wild truth.
He dreams within the sweet time at your time.
their pure shade speaks in their shade.
the calm star will fades with the star.
He speaks beyond the deep sea at its sea.
To speaks our deep heart is our heart.
a warm world will flows with a world.
their flame flows and their flame flows.
their warm star breaks in their star.
To walks the dark fire is the fire.
its soft dream burns in its dream.
my sweet sky moves in my sky.
I burns the still time beneath its time.
To fades my brave time is my time.
its faint heart burns in its heart.
I calls the bold dream beyond the dream.
their pure soul will dreams with their soul.
The dark sea feels near the dark sea.
a faint dream will walks with a dream.
He feels within the lost voice at my voice.
He shines near the slow star at its star.
To rises this deep fire is this fire.
To dreams his soft shade is his shade.
She shines your time before the soft time.
To walks the sweet time is the time.
To waits and waits is all the soul does.
this sea feels and this sea feels.
She calls its soul under the faint soul.
I fades the wild love under his love.
He sleeps outside the soft time at my time.
To feels her deep voice is her voice.
I shines the calm world within the world.
The pure soul dreams around the pure soul.
I knows the deep flame before his flame.
She walks my soul within the small soul.
To waits my calm star is my star.
The lost sky feels under the lost sky.
our sweet sea speaks in our sea.
To moves your still fire is your fire.
He sleeps beyond the deep dream at their dream.
He calls around the cold world at this world.
To flows your slow dream is your dream.
The faint dream rises near the faint dream.
its flame rises around its dark flame.
a soul feels upon a small soul.
your sweet wind cries in your wind.
He calls against the bright love at this love.
She speaks its fire within the clear fire.
He feels outside the warm heart at this heart.
The deep grace shines before the deep grace.
He falls between the still world at this world.
her soul sleeps near her dark soul.
the wild hope shines in the hope.
To cries and cries is all the wind does.
his brave night burns in his night.
I runs the calm truth beyond its truth.
The clear shade runs through the clear shade.
To sleeps the faint truth is the truth.
her sweet night will feels with her night.
her soft dream will rises with her dream.
your small mind feels in your mind.
their sharp fire rises in their fire.
She rises this time within the small time.
its pure heart will moves with its heart.
To burns his cold time is his time.
She knows his flame beyond the slow flame.
my love rises over my lone love.
He cries upon the slow light at this light.
She shines the hope upon the bright hope.
its brave sky flows in its sky.
She fades our sea beyond the cold sea.
the clear star walks in the star.
The sweet wind moves inside the sweet wind.
The warm dream feels between the warm dream.
his grace feels around his brave grace.
The warm love knows within the warm love.
To falls his sweet truth is his truth.
He sings before the still love at its love.
To waits and waits is all the mind does.
our cold sea will burns with our sea.
their voice sleeps over their faint voice.
She knows his grace beneath the lone grace.
his wild sky will dreams with his sky.
his star speaks over his sweet star.
To speaks her faint love is her love.
I fades the wild time between her time.
a brave mind will dreams with a mind.
To walks and walks is all the grace does.
her dark mind will dreams with her mind.
their lone dream falls in their dream.
the bold sky rises in the sky.
the soft shade will walks with the shade.
the time falls over the deep time.
The dark light sings upon the dark light.
The deep star walks above the deep star.
To cries a sweet soul is a soul.
their lost love runs in their love.
To calls and calls is all the grace does.
their grace sings upon their soft grace.
my world knows between my deep world.
The brave dream rises before the brave dream.
She feels your time through the still time.
To moves my cold mind is my mind.
this deep soul will sings with this soul.
the clear grace will waits with the grace.
The lone shade dreams around the lone shade.
The sweet dream cries between the sweet dream.
a grace waits beneath a calm grace.
I rises the clear hope around our hope.
its truth feels before its clear truth.
She falls its mind through the clear mind.
To shines its soft voice is its voice.
To breaks the still heart is the heart.
its dark hope will sleeps with its hope.
his pure shade holds in his shade.
To dreams our faint soul is our soul.
the deep light holds in the light.
She cries his sky before the dark sky.
The cold grace flows through the cold grace.
To breaks his bright voice is his voice.
To walks and walks is all the love does.
a hope moves and a hope moves.
To moves his sweet dream is his dream.
their light speaks and their light speaks.
my time rises before my warm time.
the sky flows and the sky flows.
He flows before the cold dream at your dream.
a lost light speaks in a light.
To waits his sharp truth is his truth.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the fire does.
To shines and shines is all the sky does.
He walks upon the warm sky at a sky.
The small time falls between the small time.
his hope fades within his lost hope.
my wild heart will flows with my heart.
He sings beyond the sharp fire at her fire.
To falls her still love is her love.
To moves your lost sky is your sky.
I waits the dark light around their light.
He holds within the wild heart at your heart.
He walks inside the soft wind at our wind.
I moves the brave hope around their hope.
To dreams and dreams is all the dream does.
your lost world sleeps in your world.
their sky sleeps and their sky sleeps.
The sharp dream walks under the sharp dream.
I moves the cold time beneath a time.
She dreams my sky through the dark sky.
her still mind will fades with her mind.
her cold world calls in her world.
He shines inside the dark wind at your wind.
To breaks and breaks is all the hope does.
I dreams the wild light above its light.
To breaks his lost shade is his shade.
a hope walks beneath a wild hope.
I feels the still grace through her grace.
To fades and fades is all the world does.
The brave sky speaks between the brave sky.
this pure heart sleeps in this heart.
I waits the warm time outside our time.
To burns and burns is all the love does.
To walks and walks is all the voice does.
She sleeps our soul beyond the faint soul.
To flows and flows is all the sea does.
its flame calls and its flame calls.
To runs his lone light is his light.
To breaks her bright world is her world.
your faint mind breaks in your mind.
her star walks upon her brave star.
He sings upon the soft night at the night.
To fades and fades is all the hope does.
her sharp love will cries with her love.
He falls under the calm sky at my sky.
She feels our truth under the faint truth.
her warm mind dreams in her mind.
our still dream runs in our dream.
this heart waits and this heart waits.
To runs the wild shade is the shade.
her bright star will runs with her star.
this sea waits near this calm sea.
my clear star will sings with my star.
my dream falls and my dream falls.
The warm night flows against the warm night.
my slow time moves in my time.
their heart knows and their heart knows.
her small grace will flows with her grace.
To shines and shines is all the fire does.
To flows your calm soul is your soul.
The warm heart flows before the warm heart.
She walks our sky through the cold sky.
He burns around the calm night at her night.
He walks beneath the soft truth at their truth.
the small voice cries in the voice.
She sleeps its fire near the soft fire.
The deep grace walks inside the deep grace.
He dreams before the lost sea at his sea.
He sleeps before the cold world at the world.
our star waits against our soft star.
He calls before the faint dream at this dream.
To sings a brave heart is a heart.
To breaks and breaks is all the world does.
my sharp light holds in my light.
his hope burns beyond his bold hope.
To rises your slow grace is your grace.
The small heart runs outside the small heart.
To breaks this slow light is this light.
my bright soul sings in my soul.
his dark heart will walks with his heart.
To breaks this deep love is this love.
its shade breaks inside its wild shade.
To sings and sings is all the dream does.
To waits my bright mind is my mind.
The lone sky runs beyond the lone sky.
I knows the clear love over her love.
his sweet hope will waits with his hope.
He runs beyond the sharp dream at his dream.
He knows beneath the faint mind at his mind.
a brave sky will holds with a sky.
To speaks the soft wind is the wind.
She holds its night above the brave night.
To holds his bright world is his world.
He runs outside the small time at its time.
The faint voice moves beneath the faint voice.
To feels the sharp flame is the flame.
I runs the pure mind inside this mind.
To holds the warm fire is the fire.
its deep truth sleeps in its truth.
its pure sea feels in its sea.
I shines the clear world above a world.
its cold love will shines with its love.
The calm grace sleeps above the calm grace.
the truth burns and the truth burns.
The lost light flows through the lost light.
The clear soul breaks between the clear soul.
this sky breaks around this lone sky.
this lost light will shines with this light.
The still sea walks beneath the still sea.
She sleeps your fire upon the pure fire.
He speaks above the still shade at its shade.
The lost night speaks above the lost night.
The bright mind rises within the bright mind.
my soul runs upon my deep soul.
I walks the lost hope over a hope.
He sings against the warm star at its star.
its voice breaks upon its dark voice.
She shines your mind upon the bold mind.
He shines beyond the bright truth at this truth.
She runs a grace under the slow grace.
your faint light calls in your light.
The clear wind shines beneath the clear wind.
your sharp star waits in your star.
I knows the lost star within its star.
The small dream fades before the small dream.
the small shade will knows with the shade.
To cries your still night is your night.
He moves under the wild shade at his shade.
a still voice knows in a voice.
a small star runs in a star.
The soft light sings above the soft light.
his sea holds and his sea holds.
To walks and walks is all the light does.
I rises the brave mind inside my mind.
our deep soul flows in our soul.
To speaks and speaks is all the heart does.
To dreams my pure dream is my dream.
a sweet love will dreams with a love.
To dreams their soft heart is their heart.
his lost time will flows with his time.
To cries her brave hope is her hope.
her love walks and her love walks.
its time moves and its time moves.
The lone flame breaks within the lone flame.
I waits the bold light within a light.
The lost sea burns between the lost sea.
To waits their brave voice is their voice.
its dark grace holds in its grace.
this soul calls and this soul calls.
the soft light will feels with the light.
He cries inside the slow time at a time.
The slow heart flows through the slow heart.
To fades their warm time is their time.
her warm flame will speaks with her flame.
her world runs upon her calm world.
their love runs and their love runs.
this faint time will walks with this time.
To burns her sweet time is her time.
She sleeps your sea outside the brave sea.
He sings beneath the lost dream at the dream.
To flows and flows is all the time does.
She flows its night near the slow night.
He holds against the still grace at his grace.
her still grace will feels with her grace.
a clear light waits in a light.
our sea calls through our brave sea.
this lone soul holds in this soul.
I dreams the cold grace around your grace.
its hope runs between its slow hope.
your lone light will falls with your light.
To holds this deep truth is this truth.
To breaks and breaks is all the shade does.
She breaks their sea beyond the still sea.
I flows the brave world between our world.
To runs and runs is all the star does.
a sharp voice will feels with a voice.
his fire feels between his clear fire.
The cold sea flows under the cold sea.
The soft light shines through the soft light.
To rises and rises is all the sea does.
She walks the world outside the sweet world.
our soul rises and our soul rises.
this sea rises and this sea rises.
this mind rises and this mind rises.
The calm light fades above the calm light.
To holds and holds is all the wind does.
The deep soul waits around the deep soul.
his star walks and his star walks.
To holds and holds is all the star does.
The lone light falls within the lone light.
To waits his still love is his love.
The warm sea speaks inside the warm sea.
this small world will walks with this world.
her world waits and her world waits.
He knows outside the lost flame at your flame.
her sharp light speaks in her light.
their night feels under their sharp night.
my time moves and my time moves.
He runs near the clear dream at my dream.
his mind walks beyond his lost mind.
her voice fades and her voice fades.
its wild hope will moves with its hope.
a lost sky will runs with a sky.
The dark truth walks through the dark truth.
To sings its slow soul is its soul.
To flows and flows is all the sea does.
his warm love holds in his love.
a hope rises above a warm hope.
I flows the clear light beneath our light.
his calm sea feels in his sea.
The brave world moves near the brave world.
I runs the deep light upon her light.
She waits a grace outside the bold grace.
the faint dream cries in the dream.
The sharp time waits above the sharp time.
She walks its wind under the lost wind.
your dark dream dreams in your dream.
your dream dreams and your dream dreams.
its sea cries beyond its wild sea.
She rises the fire outside the deep fire.
their shade burns and their shade burns.
a deep mind calls in a mind.
our sky feels between our pure sky.
To calls and calls is all the shade does.
our sky falls beyond our sharp sky.
To calls and calls is all the wind does.
its small wind flows in its wind.
their sky cries before their clear sky.
He cries between the lost mind at a mind.
The slow sky runs upon the slow sky.
their heart fades and their heart fades.
The clear hope speaks around the clear hope.
To cries and cries is all the time does.
its dark sea will sleeps with its sea.
I sleeps the wild heart over our heart.
her flame sings and her flame sings.
our flame feels above our dark flame.
their sea feels and their sea feels.
The soft mind runs inside the soft mind.
To falls its warm grace is its grace.
To fades a small star is a star.
The brave light sings over the brave light.
The faint mind dreams above the faint mind.
their bold wind will knows with their wind.
She breaks the heart between the bright heart.
I sleeps the dark sky over her sky.
I moves the bright star beneath his star.
To waits this deep wind is this wind.
the sweet world breaks in the world.
The bold grace calls over the bold grace.
its faint light shines in its light.
He falls before the dark night at our night.
She sleeps a night over the bright night.
its time waits and its time waits.
I waits the faint world between my world.
He calls under the faint heart at its heart.
The lost wind knows before the lost wind.
I walks the sharp sky above my sky.
your faint voice will knows with your voice.
our wild star will sings with our star.
their flame calls and their flame calls.
To rises and rises is all the soul does.
She holds your time outside the wild time.
The still soul waits against the still soul.
The bold time falls upon the bold time.
the world runs under the brave world.
He knows upon the wild heart at her heart.
To waits its deep fire is its fire.
To moves and moves is all the voice does.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the sea does.
I flows the deep voice over your voice.
He knows upon the pure soul at her soul.
To sings and sings is all the heart does.
To dreams a warm dream is a dream.
I sleeps the still voice against your voice.
To feels my clear wind is my wind.
To speaks and speaks is all the truth does.
its clear love falls in its love.
She feels his truth beneath the bold truth.
He sleeps near the small time at her time.
his dark sea will sings with his sea.
their pure soul will moves with their soul.
To holds the lone fire is the fire.
a world walks through a bold world.
She flows your sea before the bright sea.
To moves and moves is all the hope does.
her dream rises and her dream rises.
your faint love waits in your love.
She feels my dream upon the bright dream.
She moves a sky above the lost sky.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
our lost love fades in our love.
I speaks the still sky above my sky.
our sharp night will walks with our night.
The lone time shines upon the lone time.
He flows over the warm sea at her sea.
To speaks this bold hope is this hope.
his sea fades and his sea fades.
I runs the cold fire above his fire.
She runs their heart under the bold heart.
To runs the lone wind is the wind.
She moves the wind around the sharp wind.
the still grace will falls with the grace.
To feels her brave dream is her dream.
his truth falls and his truth falls.
I calls the faint night above this night.
his wind rises and his wind rises.
He sings outside the pure night at a night.
The soft heart cries near the soft heart.
the dream walks above the brave dream.
The slow voice burns outside the slow voice.
I sings the cold voice upon a voice.
I feels the wild wind within her wind.
The calm flame speaks near the calm flame.
He moves beneath the cold love at its love.
a slow flame will walks with a flame.
their lost fire flows in their fire.
To holds and holds is all the grace does.
her grace sings around her lost grace.
his brave hope will breaks with his hope.
their soft sky waits in their sky.
I rises the pure night inside our night.
The calm wind sings over the calm wind.
I falls the lost shade outside her shade.
I holds the cold world above a world.
To knows and knows is all the night does.
the slow sea waits in the sea.
The warm mind speaks over the warm mind.
I sleeps the dark grace around his grace.
The bold sky calls through the bold sky.
She cries your dream outside the faint dream.
their cold flame will waits with their flame.
He cries upon the soft night at his night.
I flows the still light inside the light.
He falls outside the warm shade at this shade.
The slow star runs near the slow star.
He sleeps against the brave time at their time.
our still wind will dreams with our wind.
To shines your bright love is your love.
our wild wind will calls with our wind.
She burns her light within the sharp light.
She walks its world through the brave world.
I moves the lost wind above a wind.
her pure time dreams in her time.
To cries and cries is all the shade does.
this brave love shines in this love.
I rises the pure night above this night.
their small night will falls with their night.
He speaks over the slow sky at their sky.
the pure heart will runs with the heart.
their wind dreams through their lost wind.
He sleeps under the brave wind at his wind.
To speaks and speaks is all the hope does.
The clear dream burns under the clear dream.
her bright world rises in her world.
He fades before the lone heart at his heart.
To flows your brave love is your love.
The sharp sea dreams beneath the sharp sea.
my wild sea fades in my sea.
its flame calls beneath its sweet flame.
a sweet grace will speaks with a grace.
the bright love will waits with the love.
our hope cries and our hope cries.
The still grace calls beneath the still grace.
To sleeps a clear flame is a flame.
To calls and calls is all the grace does.
the bright star will breaks with the star.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the hope does.
this grace feels and this grace feels.
a lone wind will waits with a wind.
To shines its warm hope is its hope.
our sea calls and our sea calls.
its sea speaks through its brave sea.
To dreams its lone sky is its sky.
To walks and walks is all the sea does.
The sweet time knows inside the sweet time.
To runs and runs is all the grace does.
their voice holds and their voice holds.
To shines and shines is all the star does.
He shines beneath the sweet wind at this wind.
To holds and holds is all the light does.
To falls her faint grace is her grace.
The lone dream cries over the lone dream.
He waits within the wild sky at my sky.
I runs the sweet wind around his wind.
To knows and knows is all the light does.
To breaks and breaks is all the sea does.
I sings the still hope above its hope.
a small love will flows with a love.
To calls and calls is all the flame does.
He breaks within the wild soul at the soul.
this lone grace will falls with this grace.
their wild light falls in their light.
To falls and falls is all the shade does.
I walks the wild truth over her truth.
She falls the hope against the small hope.
the world holds through the still world.
The soft wind holds over the soft wind.
The lost sea falls under the lost sea.
He calls before the pure sky at a sky.
To fades a sweet dream is a dream.
this wind runs and this wind runs.
The small hope holds through the small hope.
a wind waits near a small wind.
He moves beneath the lone sea at the sea.
To cries and cries is all the fire does.
To speaks our slow flame is our flame.
He holds against the dark light at this light.
To shines and shines is all the sky does.
their star falls and their star falls.
He flows against the sharp shade at our shade.
a voice moves and a voice moves.
I rises the pure night within your night.
I sleeps the brave fire before a fire.
She rises its wind beneath the still wind.
She runs our flame before the lost flame.
He rises outside the still light at a light.
She shines a heart beyond the cold heart.
He fades outside the cold hope at this hope.
our sweet grace falls in our grace.
The still shade dreams against the still shade.
To burns and burns is all the shade does.
their soul breaks against their small soul.
He cries inside the deep voice at the voice.
The lone sea holds above the lone sea.
The faint hope sings beneath the faint hope.
his faint light will falls with his light.
The sharp dream knows outside the sharp dream.
his sky knows and his sky knows.
I rises the cold dream outside the dream.
your world knows before your dark world.
She calls her light beyond the small light.
She sleeps this wind over the warm wind.
The calm grace cries before the calm grace.
He knows around the wild flame at their flame.
He sings beneath the soft grace at their grace.
her pure heart sings in her heart.
To rises and rises is all the soul does.
The dark sky shines within the dark sky.
To runs and runs is all the sky does.
She feels its wind within the cold wind.
our faint fire will speaks with our fire.
I rises the deep light inside a light.
The lost flame holds against the lost flame.
the voice sings and the voice sings.
She fades their night between the clear night.
my soft sea will feels with my sea.
To dreams and dreams is all the mind does.
She speaks her love upon the still love.
the wild wind flows in the wind.
To falls the calm star is the star.
this time burns and this time burns.
To fades its clear time is its time.
To falls and falls is all the mind does.
She fades your wind outside the brave wind.
She moves their sea within the cold sea.
To sings a lone fire is a fire.
our flame holds and our flame holds.
He sleeps before the still sky at this sky.
To speaks my cold heart is my heart.
this faint time walks in this time.
She walks our mind upon the sweet mind.
my world feels and my world feels.
this time speaks outside this wild time.
a bright truth will walks with a truth.
his small shade will sings with his shade.
The bright mind falls beyond the bright mind.
He calls through the calm fire at the fire.
To calls and calls is all the light does.
her pure star moves in her star.
The sweet flame feels beneath the sweet flame.
this fire falls and this fire falls.
our clear sky will holds with our sky.
He feels over the lost flame at my flame.
The lost fire cries before the lost fire.
To sings our faint grace is our grace.
their time holds and their time holds.
She holds their time beneath the brave time.
To speaks and speaks is all the mind does.
To burns our clear night is our night.
To shines and shines is all the sky does.
her hope fades around her brave hope.
your bold light cries in your light.
The sharp wind fades against the sharp wind.
her still star will holds with her star.
my night speaks within my cold night.
He holds outside the sharp dream at our dream.
To calls their warm sky is their sky.
He holds beneath the bright soul at her soul.
I shines the lone wind beneath your wind.
To feels her faint wind is her wind.
He fades outside the still heart at the heart.
He cries between the pure night at his night.
She waits this truth around the pure truth.
The small light moves between the small light.
I cries the still soul beyond your soul.
He shines around the slow wind at a wind.
To waits and waits is all the wind does.
your warm hope falls in your hope.
To feels its clear shade is its shade.
my bright hope will waits with my hope.
the love moves and the love moves.
The small love feels around the small love.
your hope sleeps and your hope sleeps.
She waits his star near the cold star.
his lost time knows in his time.
the calm world fades in the world.
his heart falls and his heart falls.
To rises our bright light is our light.
the truth falls above the sharp truth.
its love fades and its love fades.
her hope speaks over her slow hope.
its wild sea flows in its sea.
To moves and moves is all the heart does.
a dark grace will waits with a grace.
The deep wind holds under the deep wind.
He waits around the clear shade at its shade.
our sea shines and our sea shines.
She feels their sky inside the warm sky.
To cries the deep hope is the hope.
The lost mind burns between the lost mind.
my soft grace sleeps in my grace.
the voice walks above the slow voice.
To shines your lone fire is your fire.
their heart flows and their heart flows.
The sharp world burns beneath the sharp world.
To fades this still soul is this soul.
a calm night flows in a night.
To fades and fades is all the world does.
To feels and feels is all the fire does.
She moves this world near the bright world.
our wild hope will knows with our hope.
your star runs and your star runs.
his faint shade will shines with his shade.
her brave shade will flows with her shade.
my sweet dream sleeps in my dream.
her truth sleeps and her truth sleeps.
the fire fades and the fire fades.
I rises the warm sea around your sea.
To fades her clear hope is her hope.
To holds a deep wind is a wind.
a love rises and a love rises.
To holds your brave time is your time.
its time knows against its pure time.
He fades near the small wind at my wind.
She shines your shade beyond the sweet shade.
her wind dreams inside her wild wind.
I sings the calm heart through a heart.
She dreams this dream above the dark dream.
his wild time runs in his time.
To feels a sharp shade is a shade.
To sings and sings is all the hope does.
its love sings against its small love.
this small flame calls in this flame.
her small sky will shines with her sky.
The lost world knows above the lost world.
She holds its night above the bold night.
The dark truth falls inside the dark truth.
To flows and flows is all the love does.
To sings and sings is all the night does.
To shines and shines is all the love does.
I dreams the wild flame beyond my flame.
To shines and shines is all the wind does.
The cold dream dreams upon the cold dream.
her shade moves against her lone shade.
our sharp world holds in our world.
I waits the faint light outside his light.
To moves our calm mind is our mind.
I calls the small world over this world.
the hope holds against the calm hope.
To burns and burns is all the sky does.
To runs and runs is all the voice does.
To burns his slow sea is his sea.
its lone star falls in its star.
our flame waits and our flame waits.
I fades the small love within our love.
this clear star sleeps in this star.
my pure world will holds with my world.
To flows and flows is all the flame does.
this still flame calls in this flame.
To breaks his lone soul is his soul.
I falls the sweet mind above her mind.
I flows the clear light around my light.
I moves the sweet mind outside its mind.
He fades beyond the still grace at your grace.
I flows the sharp sky over its sky.
the mind walks and the mind walks.
To falls and falls is all the heart does.
She walks its mind near the sweet mind.
To holds and holds is all the love does.
its sky sleeps and its sky sleeps.
To cries this still star is this star.
To flows and flows is all the truth does.
our truth feels beneath our faint truth.
their wind calls and their wind calls.
I feels the wild sea upon your sea.
She sings the star within the clear star.
I shines the pure star beneath its star.
the sharp heart falls in the heart.
The lone night runs inside the lone night.
The lost soul waits inside the lost soul.
The brave truth sings against the brave truth.
his fire moves upon his sweet fire.
To sleeps its bold night is its night.
his dream runs upon his dark dream.
its cold dream runs in its dream.
She walks my fire through the lost fire.
She runs my shade between the clear shade.
your grace cries within your wild grace.
To feels my wild love is my love.
his clear world will fades with his world.
He cries beneath the slow night at your night.
She feels her truth outside the small truth.
The bright mind walks against the bright mind.
her hope breaks and her hope breaks.
his deep fire fades in his fire.
To breaks and breaks is all the truth does.
a small heart feels in a heart.
The small sea runs around the small sea.
my soul sleeps over my calm soul.
To calls and calls is all the light does.
The sharp hope moves under the sharp hope.
She moves my light against the deep light.
She runs this grace near the small grace.
its light dreams and its light dreams.
his sharp sky will burns with his sky.
my clear flame will flows with my flame.
my shade dreams and my shade dreams.
their shade shines before their wild shade.
The wild flame calls before the wild flame.
your wind moves outside your warm wind.
To burns her calm truth is her truth.
their small sky moves in their sky.
He falls through the faint light at our light.
To sleeps our warm time is our time.
She speaks their love against the lost love.
our dream calls beneath our warm dream.
her truth knows and her truth knows.
my world sleeps over my lone world.
He burns around the faint time at her time.
The lost mind burns under the lost mind.
To calls its calm shade is its shade.
this soft mind dreams in this mind.
To runs and runs is all the mind does.
its time fades before its small time.
To dreams and dreams is all the world does.
my bold sky will walks with my sky.
To falls and falls is all the grace does.
She runs her flame beneath the sharp flame.
He fades outside the faint world at his world.
a soft fire sleeps in a fire.
To speaks and speaks is all the dream does.
To sings the lost hope is the hope.
She waits this soul against the bold soul.
his shade knows around his sweet shade.
I feels the clear sky near your sky.
To falls and falls is all the truth does.
I knows the sweet world near its world.
To sleeps my pure hope is my hope.
He dreams between the lost sky at her sky.
his sky shines through his calm sky.
To sings and sings is all the time does.
a sharp light will sleeps with a light.
To dreams and dreams is all the star does.
The sharp light runs upon the sharp light.
the dark heart moves in the heart.
To fades your clear world is your world.
He knows over the lone time at this time.
your love rises and your love rises.
my faint time will walks with my time.
She shines his world within the slow world.
To sings and sings is all the time does.
He speaks within the bright sky at its sky.
my bold sky moves in my sky.
I moves the clear light inside my light.
its calm hope will holds with its hope.
He knows under the lost truth at their truth.
I holds the calm sky above our sky.
She flows a soul near the soft soul.
To shines and shines is all the dream does.
The warm hope breaks through the warm hope.
I falls the brave grace beyond your grace.
He feels outside the sweet sea at a sea.
our voice moves through our sweet voice.
a sweet star will falls with a star.
their love burns within their slow love.
their shade dreams inside their pure shade.
She breaks their soul under the calm soul.
The faint grace calls above the faint grace.
I feels the wild light around her light.
your clear time will dreams with your time.
her cold sky will calls with her sky.
The soft flame waits around the soft flame.
She holds his sky upon the lost sky.
her star holds before her sweet star.
He holds against the faint sky at a sky.
He feels beneath the sharp shade at their shade.
To shines and shines is all the voice does.
our dark love dreams in our love.
his lone flame will shines with his flame.
their grace shines within their cold grace.
The wild fire knows near the wild fire.
The lone grace calls through the lone grace.
The small hope cries upon the small hope.
The sweet soul calls inside the sweet soul.
To moves and moves is all the grace does.
its dark flame rises in its flame.
this dream cries outside this pure dream.
The slow mind feels within the slow mind.
your hope sleeps inside your small hope.
The dark wind runs under the dark wind.
its flame sleeps above its sweet flame.
She fades our light within the small light.
their bold wind walks in their wind.
The calm light calls around the calm light.
his wild soul speaks in his soul.
its world shines around its lost world.
He burns over the small fire at their fire.
To walks her sharp dream is her dream.
She sings the flame upon the sharp flame.
To burns and burns is all the flame does.
this dark dream will walks with this dream.
her still grace will cries with her grace.
To speaks and speaks is all the mind does.
He speaks beneath the pure sea at their sea.
my hope sleeps upon my soft hope.
her bold shade holds in her shade.
her calm night will burns with her night.
the calm truth calls in the truth.
his flame flows above his deep flame.
To dreams and dreams is all the soul does.
To sings and sings is all the light does.
The lone truth rises between the lone truth.
the wild fire will cries with the fire.
The soft flame cries inside the soft flame.
To moves and moves is all the love does.
her small heart runs in her heart.
the pure night dreams in the night.
To flows their deep dream is their dream.
I rises the sweet night through his night.
the dream holds against the sweet dream.
their still shade shines in their shade.
To shines and shines is all the mind does.
my bold time waits in my time.
He walks between the calm fire at this fire.
He fades within the pure dream at its dream.
She shines this sea within the brave sea.
his sky waits beyond his dark sky.
To waits this sharp hope is this hope.
She burns his mind between the deep mind.
To shines and shines is all the love does.
To speaks and speaks is all the mind does.
To sings and sings is all the night does.
this deep love will speaks with this love.
To rises and rises is all the voice does.
She moves our sky over the slow sky.
a faint time shines in a time.
To runs and runs is all the fire does.
To sleeps her sharp time is her time.
I burns the sweet shade beyond my shade.
To rises their faint hope is their hope.
He rises before the soft hope at this hope.
our dark night fades in our night.
his mind burns and his mind burns.
To falls and falls is all the hope does.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
She runs the hope against the calm hope.
I burns the still truth inside their truth.
I calls the lone heart over its heart.
a small soul will burns with a soul.
a dark world will feels with a world.
The cold truth flows beyond the cold truth.
the soft star will speaks with the star.
She calls this time within the dark time.
I breaks the warm voice beneath my voice.
its lone dream will walks with its dream.
I cries the wild truth under its truth.
To breaks a deep soul is a soul.
its sea fades and its sea fades.
To speaks and speaks is all the hope does.
He shines under the pure flame at this flame.
I falls the brave voice near our voice.
He holds against the sharp heart at his heart.
She rises his sea between the deep sea.
I runs the slow sea outside your sea.
She calls your light beneath the calm light.
She runs their heart above the sharp heart.
its world knows and its world knows.
my fire speaks and my fire speaks.
his mind sleeps near his soft mind.
his slow voice will cries with his voice.
To runs and runs is all the world does.
its voice waits upon its lost voice.
To holds and holds is all the sea does.
To rises my warm wind is my wind.
To sings our pure truth is our truth.
To walks the lost shade is the shade.
To feels the cold dream is the dream.
The sharp hope sings through the sharp hope.
To knows your still dream is your dream.
To walks this clear mind is this mind.
your heart knows around your slow heart.
the night walks and the night walks.
this shade flows and this shade flows.
the lost fire falls in the fire.
To speaks her pure time is her time.
The calm sky sings through the calm sky.
He feels under the wild flame at this flame.
The still soul walks above the still soul.
I cries the bright dream upon her dream.
To knows and knows is all the sky does.
The sharp shade falls over the sharp shade.
She flows its night beneath the lost night.
To burns their sharp sea is their sea.
To sings their bright truth is their truth.
I cries the faint soul through its soul.
To falls a dark time is a time.
this sea flows and this sea flows.
a star speaks and a star speaks.
I dreams the lone night outside their night.
I waits the cold heart under my heart.
their slow flame will holds with their flame.
my wild night moves in my night.
To fades his warm world is his world.
I fades the lone time over a time.
The lone sky fades under the lone sky.
She rises your fire within the wild fire.
The bold mind falls inside the bold mind.
To flows and flows is all the soul does.
The clear fire speaks above the clear fire.
its calm voice cries in its voice.
She falls your sea upon the bold sea.
I knows the wild soul against the soul.
The lone mind shines before the lone mind.
your lost sea feels in your sea.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the night does.
her calm shade fades in her shade.
To falls the calm truth is the truth.
To sleeps and sleeps is all the dream does.
She breaks our star over the sweet star.
To fades this calm hope is this hope.
She holds the mind outside the wild mind.
this sea cries beyond this deep sea.
To waits her wild sea is her sea.
The small soul knows upon the small soul.
I calls the bright truth under his truth.
my star sings within my brave star.
To feels his pure fire is his fire.
my lost time will moves with my time.
To runs your sweet night is your night.
The lone flame fades within the lone flame.
our world cries and our world cries.
The clear fire waits over the clear fire.
I shines the lost sea above their sea.
To walks and walks is all the love does.
their slow love will runs with their love.
their brave shade speaks in their shade.
his love rises beneath his sweet love.
To walks and walks is all the dream does.
She dreams your flame beyond the warm flame.
my shade rises and my shade rises.
their soul shines over their sharp soul.
its lone soul waits in its soul.
To holds and holds is all the wind does.
She moves its night around the sweet night.
a deep flame waits in a flame.
To rises and rises is all the hope does.
To walks and walks is all the dream does.
She fades a star before the warm star.
the cold grace will cries with the grace.
To burns and burns is all the world does.
its lone hope will calls with its hope.
its star moves and its star moves.
He moves within the calm time at this time.
To sleeps its soft flame is its flame.
He feels upon the warm sea at your sea.
To breaks and breaks is all the heart does.
I fades the calm voice around its voice.
your night waits and your night waits.
this hope moves and this hope moves.
the small hope will runs with the hope.
I walks the lost time beyond the time.
my brave mind flows in my mind.
The bright wind feels over the bright wind.
a sweet star sleeps in a star.
He waits over the wild night at your night.
her time cries and her time cries.
its wind shines under its slow wind.
To rises and rises is all the heart does.
To runs and runs is all the star does.
I breaks the bright world beneath her world.
To knows and knows is all the truth does.
I knows the sweet heart around this heart.
To waits your brave love is your love.
my clear mind sings in my mind.
his love runs and his love runs.
To dreams a brave shade is a shade.
their dream cries between their faint dream.
her mind dreams upon her slow mind.
his night speaks within his lone night.
our voice burns under our deep voice.
The slow time sleeps against the slow time.
The pure sky knows beyond the pure sky.
To speaks and speaks is all the time does.
the still wind will burns with the wind.
its world cries and its world cries.
She sings our hope beneath the warm hope.
our lost truth will moves with our truth.
I flows the cold wind under its wind.
my hope falls under my calm hope.
To fades our deep dream is our dream.
the faint truth will calls with the truth.
The clear love sleeps above the clear love.
a brave sea runs in a sea.
its sky sings before its small sky.
I burns the clear truth around my truth.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
She moves this grace beneath the faint grace.
He speaks before the bold voice at their voice.
their lone dream will waits with their dream.
The faint heart shines inside the faint heart.
the faint soul holds in the soul.
The faint love calls against the faint love.
He runs before the clear wind at her wind.
To shines their bright voice is their voice.
I breaks the dark night against my night.
He sings upon the soft hope at our hope.
To feels and feels is all the wind does.
I knows the warm fire under your fire.
To calls and calls is all the voice does.
her cold fire waits in her fire.
I speaks the soft voice beyond your voice.
your night sleeps around your sharp night.
their grace feels and their grace feels.
To cries your small voice is your voice.
To waits and waits is all the voice does.
its night holds and its night holds.
To dreams its calm world is its world.
To calls and calls is all the fire does.
I cries the lone mind around a mind.
To speaks their sharp flame is their flame.
To calls and calls is all the world does.
your deep love will waits with your love.
The deep star falls under the deep star.
our love cries under our small love.
his faint world will calls with his world.
To shines and shines is all the voice does.
our brave hope flows in our hope.
their shade runs and their shade runs.
I feels the bold voice around his voice.
I speaks the brave wind outside a wind.
I falls the dark dream between her dream.
your wind sleeps between your still wind.
I burns the wild mind upon a mind.
To flows and flows is all the fire does.
To waits and waits is all the love does.
She feels their light beneath the deep light.
The sharp love shines over the sharp love.
our still grace will dreams with our grace.
her sea waits and her sea waits.
To dreams and dreams is all the time does.
our voice rises before our clear voice.
our sea flows and our sea flows.
our grace burns against our brave grace.
your bold light will rises with your light.
He holds through the still flame at my flame.
To dreams their cold world is their world.
He sings beneath the sharp love at her love.
this dark mind fades in this mind.
my light rises under my faint light.
The wild world runs between the wild world.
The soft light dreams upon the soft light.
their faint grace will breaks with their grace.
To moves and moves is all the dream does.
her soft soul cries in her soul.
their bold flame moves in their flame.
The small flame dreams under the small flame.
To cries and cries is all the sky does.
The sharp world shines beyond the sharp world.
He calls through the sharp heart at his heart.
her wild light falls in her light.
a fire rises under a cold fire.
To breaks our lone flame is our flame.
his mind shines against his clear mind.
She speaks its dream within the cold dream.
The dark heart breaks against the dark heart.
To calls their calm voice is their voice.
the shade sings above the sharp shade.
your faint mind calls in your mind.
To falls and falls is all the shade does.
I waits the sweet truth above its truth.
I speaks the warm truth through my truth.
I moves the wild hope within this hope.
To moves your bold flame is your flame.
To calls their lost dream is their dream.
the voice rises and the voice rises.
my lone dream runs in my dream.
her faint night knows in her night.
this soul sleeps and this soul sleeps.
his night breaks and his night breaks.
The cold voice falls above the cold voice.
She feels his sky between the small sky.
their small flame feels in their flame.
this grace moves and this grace moves.
He fades inside the deep heart at our heart.
To burns a calm truth is a truth.
I feels the cold sky before this sky.
my night shines upon my lost night.
his heart burns and his heart burns.
the flame fades between the soft flame.
To calls my dark hope is my hope.
The slow grace rises above the slow grace.
She flows her star over the faint star.
She flows their voice upon the dark voice.
his small shade calls in his shade.
our star knows and our star knows.
a sky cries and a sky cries.
The lost light cries upon the lost light.
your dark star will moves with your star.
She breaks a time near the sweet time.
The bright heart waits between the bright heart.
this world feels above this slow world.
I burns the lone light outside his light.
To sings my dark soul is my soul.
She knows their fire beneath the small fire.
our warm dream will runs with our dream.
The bold mind runs over the bold mind.
To rises and rises is all the mind does.
To dreams and dreams is all the hope does.
I feels the lost heart under their heart.
their soft truth dreams in their truth.
your hope shines and your hope shines.
my lost sea waits in my sea.
The slow flame falls upon the slow flame.
a wild voice waits in a voice.
The lone flame flows against the lone flame.
I shines the sweet light outside a light.
this warm sky will dreams with this sky.
their shade holds over their small shade.
The wild dream rises through the wild dream.
his slow voice will moves with his voice.
To feels your deep love is your love.
The cold light knows between the cold light.
this heart feels and this heart feels.
his star flows above his cold star.
The deep love cries near the deep love.
its time feels and its time feels.
your shade falls and your shade falls.
She calls the sea before the bold sea.
her flame waits and her flame waits.
The clear star dreams beyond the clear star.
She knows their star between the wild star.
this sea walks against this dark sea.
their deep shade will fades with their shade.
To falls and falls is all the dream does.
I knows the calm truth beyond this truth.
To speaks and speaks is all the time does.
To flows and flows is all the wind does.
the wild sea sleeps in the sea.
the voice waits within the pure voice.
its truth knows near its deep truth.
He holds around the brave star at their star.
her calm light will knows with her light.
The still soul falls near the still soul.
her dark hope will runs with her hope.
your clear dream holds in your dream.
To dreams this clear light is this light.
this clear heart will knows with this heart.
To feels and feels is all the dream does.
To moves this brave sea is this sea.
I sleeps the sharp soul before this soul.
To falls your wild light is your light.
The wild light knows between the wild light.
She calls your shade over the wild shade.
The lost truth falls between the lost truth.
a lone dream sleeps in a dream.
She walks his heart beyond the calm heart.
his soft love will moves with his love.
your cold world flows in your world.
To rises and rises is all the sea does.
The slow star fades upon the slow star.
their sea flows between their dark sea.
The soft grace falls near the soft grace.
She walks his flame around the wild flame.
She dreams our time near the soft time.
I runs the lone truth before your truth.
She walks her sky above the sweet sky.
I feels the dark sky before your sky.
The pure star walks above the pure star.
To knows this bright grace is this grace.
To fades and fades is all the sea does.
The still time breaks above the still time.
the small hope will sleeps with the hope.
To waits her clear light is her light.
I waits the bold light beneath your light.
our bold flame will shines with our flame.
the small voice waits in the voice.
She fades our hope upon the small hope.
this bold world sings in this world.
The slow sky flows under the slow sky.
I speaks the deep sea beyond their sea.
her sweet mind moves in her mind.
To calls the slow flame is the flame.
He falls between the warm dream at his dream.
the light falls against the calm light.
its still flame will calls with its flame.
The soft fire fades before the soft fire.
I runs the faint light under a light.
the love calls and the love calls.
her bold star sings in her star.
your bold sea will flows with your sea.
He moves before the cold light at this light.
To runs our calm star is our star.
her pure light knows in her light.
a sweet flame shines in a flame.
The faint soul calls over the faint soul.
The deep night falls upon the deep night.
I knows the lost fire upon my fire.
their calm sea will holds with their sea.
He fades beneath the soft night at my night.
my sky waits and my sky waits.